                                                                                          編號
                                                                                          Ref. No.:
                                                                                                    PT/DPS/CCASS/005/2026

                                                                                          日期
                                                                                          Date:
                                                                                                    24/07/2026
香港中央結算有限公司
(香港交易及結算所有限公司全資附屬公司)

HONG KONG SECURITIES CLEARING COMPANY LIMITED
(A wholly-owned subsidiary of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited)



通告 CIRCULAR

 Subject:            Key Message to Highlight on Depository Arrangement for Uncertificated Securities
                     Market (“USM”) Implementation

 Enquiry:            CCASS Hotline at 2979 7111 1/ E-mail: clearingps@hkex.com.hk

 Reference is made to the circular dated 30 March 2026 regarding the Updates on the
 Implementation of USM. To facilitate market readiness, Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company
 Limited (“HKSCC”) conducted a series of USM operational briefing sessions for Clearing
 Participants and Custodian Participants in April 2026 and invited HKSCC participants
 (“Participants”) to complete the mandatory USM questionnaire. Based on feedback received from
 the briefing sessions and questionnaire, HKSCC would like to provide further clarification on the
 depository arrangements relating to physical share certificates in connection with the
 implementation of the USM regime. The points set out below will further enhance Participants’
 understanding and support the preparation for upcoming market readiness activities, including the
 practice sessions scheduled later this year.

 Participants are reminded of the following arrangements to facilitate their communication with
 clients and support a proper understanding of the USM regime:

 •         Shareholders may continue to hold securities through their banks or brokers in CCASS.
           There is no obligation for investors to set up a USI facility unless they wish to hold
           participating securities in their own names and in uncertificated form.
 •         Dematerialisation of existing holdings is not mandatory. Shareholders who currently hold
           physical share certificates may continue to hold them after USM implementation on 16
           November 2026, and existing certificates will remain valid.
 •         Shareholders’ rights in respect of securities held in certificated form will not be
           affected, whether or not the relevant securities have become participating securities under
           USM.
 •         Securities will become participating securities in phases over a five-year period from the
           launch of USM. The market will receive advance notice of each stock’s participation date,
           and Participants and their clients should refer to the relevant issuers’ announcements.
 •         Participants should provide their clients with accurate and complete information on the
           available holding options and any applicable fees and charges, so that they can make
           informed decisions on how to hold their securities. Available holding options include holding:
           (i) in their own names or in the name of a nominee; (ii) within CCASS or outside of CCASS;
           and (iii) in the case of existing securities, in paper form or uncertificated form.


 Should you have any questions regarding the above, please visit Uncertificated Securities Market

 1 All calls to and from the Hotline may be recorded. HKEX Privacy Policy Statement is available here.
or contact our Hotline at 2979 7111 or email to clearingps@hkex.com.hk



Wilson So
Vice President
Post Trade
Operations Division

This circular has been issued in the English language with a separate Chinese language
translation. If there is any conflict in the circulars between the meaning of Chinese words or terms
in the Chinese language version and English words in the English language version, the meaning
of the English words shall prevail.
本 通 告 已 以 英 文 及 另 以 中 文 譯 本 刊 發 。 如 本 通 告 中 文 本 的 字 義 或 詞
義 與 英 文 本 有 所 出 入 ， 概 以 英 文 本 為 準 。
