                                                                                       21/1
                                        Section 21
                                  Costs and Expenses

21.1   CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT OF EXCHANGE TRADES

       ⎯   Stock clearing fee                     NIL

       ⎯   Stock settlement fee payable by each   0.0042% per side of gross value of
           Clearing Participant and each          an Exchange Trade, except for such
           Clearing Agency Participant for        Exchange Trade in Designated
           each Exchange Trade cleared and        Exchange Traded Funds conducted
           settled through CCASS.                 by a Securities Market Maker
                                                  which meets such eligibility
           Notes:                                 requirements as from time to time
           Gross value refers to transacted       prescribed    by   HKSCC       and
           market value of eligible non-Debt      published on the HKEX website, in
           Securities or nominal value of         which case a rate of 0.002% shall
           eligible Debt Securities.              apply.
           Exercised stock options positions
           processed in CCASS between the
           two     settlement     counterparty
           Participants are subject to the same
           stock settlement fee and payable
           by both Participants.

           Fee debited on T+1.

       ⎯   Stock settlement fee payable by        0.0021% per side of gross value of
           the Clearing Participant for each      a crossed Exchange Trade, except
           crossed Exchange Trade cleared         for such crossed Exchange Trade in
           and settled through CCASS, i.e.        Designated Exchange Traded Funds
           where the buy and sell of an           conducted by a Securities Market
           Exchange Trade is handled by the       Maker which meets such eligibility
           same Exchange Participant.             requirements as from time to time
                                                  prescribed    by    HKSCC     and
           Notes:                                 published on the HKEX website, in
           Gross value refers to transacted       which case a rate of 0.001% shall
           market value of eligible non-Debt      apply.
           Securities or nominal value of
           eligible Debt Securities.

           Not applicable to an Exchange Trade
           effected by a Special Participant on
           the Exchange.


           Fee debited on T+1.

       ⎯   Money settlement fee under CNS         HK$0.50 for HKD items, RMB
           System.                                items and USD items for each DDI
                                                  or DCI issued by HKSCC in respect
           Note:                                  of money positions of a Clearing
           Fee debited on the day of money        Participant and a Clearing Agency


HKSCC OPERATIONAL PROCEDURES
                                                                                         21/2
            settlement.                            Participant to be settled under the
                                                   CNS System on each day.

        ⎯   Money settlement fee for Isolated      HK$0.50 for HKD items, RMB
            Trades payable by each Clearing        items and USD items for each EPI
            Participant and each Clearing          issued by HKSCC for Isolated
            Agency Participant for each            Trades settled in CCASS on a DVP
            Isolated Trade cleared and settled     basis.
            through CCASS.

            Note:
            Fee debited on the day of money
            settlement.

        ⎯   Cash Prepayment service fee for        HK$100 per remittance by a
            releasing Securities-on-hold at the    Clearing Participant and a Clearing
            request of a Clearing Participant      Agency Participant.
            and a Clearing Agency Participant.

            Notes:
            Fee debited on the day of
            remittance. For cash prepayment
            instructions input with “CHATS”
            set as the payment method, no
            such fee will be payable by the
            Clearing Participant and the
            Clearing Agency Participant.

            Use of this service is at the option
            of a Clearing Participant and a
            Clearing Agency Participant.

            Refund     on    the    following
            settlement day of remittance
            received after the time limit
            prescribed by HKSCC is also
            subject to the said cash
            prepayment service fee.

21.1A   CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT OF CHINA CONNECT SECURITIES TRADES

        ⎯   Stock clearing fee                     NIL

        ⎯   Stock settlement fee payable by        NIL
            each China Connect Clearing
            Participant for each China
            Connect Securities Trade cleared
            and settled through CCASS.

            Note:
            Fee debited on T.


        ⎯   Stock settlement fee payable by a      NIL
            China       Connect      Clearing

HKSCC OPERATIONAL PROCEDURES
                                                                                        21/3
           Participant for each crossed China
           Connect Securities Trade cleared
           and settled through CCASS, i.e.
           where the buy and sell of a China
           Connect Securities Trade is
           handled by the same China
           Connect Exchange Participant.

           Note:
           Fee debited on T.

       ⎯   Money settlement fee under CNS         HK$0.50 for HKD items, RMB items
           System.                                and USD items for each CPI issued by
                                                  HKSCC in respect of money positions
           Note:                                  of a China Connect Clearing Participant
           Fee debited on the day of money        to be settled under the CNS System on
           settlement.                            each day.

       ⎯   Cash Prepayment service fee for        HK$100 per remittance by a China
           releasing Securities-on-hold at the    Connect Clearing Participant.
           request of a China Connect
           Clearing Participant.

           Notes:
           Fee debited on the day of
           remittance. No such fee will be
           payable by the China Connect
           Clearing Participant for Cash
           Prepayment Instructions with
           “CHATS” set as the payment
           method.

           Use of this service is at the option
           of a China Connect Clearing
           Participant.

           Refund     on    the    following
           settlement day of remittance
           received after the time limit
           prescribed by HKSCC is also
           subject to the said cash
           prepayment service fee.

       ⎯   Transfer fee payable by each           0.002% of gross value of such China
           China      Connect      Clearing       Connect Securities Trade.
           Participant for each China
           Connect Securities Trade cleared
           and settled through HKSCC
           pursuant to Chapter 41 of these
           Rules.

           Notes:
           Fee debited and collected through
           DDI in RMB on T.


HKSCC OPERATIONAL PROCEDURES
                                                                                         21/4
           This fee is in addition to any
           transfer fee payable by a China
           Connect Clearing Participant
           under Rule 14A11 and Rule
           14B11 of the Rules of the
           Exchange.

       ⎯   Handling fee for the acceptance of     Accrued daily at 1% per annum on the
           Collateral in relation to the early    amount of the Collateral accepted by
           release of Securities-on-hold at       HKSCC in relation to an application for
           the request of a China Connect         the early release of Securities-on-hold
           Clearing Participant.                  (Collateral in Eligible Currencies other
                                                  than HKD will be converted to HKD
           Notes:                                 equivalent at such exchange rate as
           The fee will be debited in HKD         determined by HKSCC from time to
           on the day of application and          time for computation), from the day of
           (where applicable) on the day of       application until the day on which the
           completion of settlement.              outstanding payment obligations to
                                                  HKSCC as secured by such Collateral
                                                  are fully discharged.


21.2   CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT OF SI TRANSACTIONS

       ⎯   Stock clearing fee for each SI         HK$1.00 each.
           input by a Participant.

           Note:
           Fee debited on input date.

       ⎯   Stock clearing fee for each SI         HK$1.00 each.
           amendment or revocation input by
           a Participant.

           Note:
           Fee debited on input date.

       ⎯   Stock settlement fee for broker-       0.0020% of the gross value for each
           custodian SI Transactions with         such SI Transaction, subject to a
           trade value data input, payable by     minimum fee of HK$2 and maximum
           each counterparty Participant to       fee of HK$100 for each such SI
           such SI Transaction.                   Transaction.

           Notes:
           Gross value refers to input trade
           value of eligible non-Debt
           Securities or nominal value of
           eligible Debt Securities.

           Fee debited on completion of
           settlement.

           For eligible non-Debt Securities, if
           the gross trade value input is
           significantly lower than the value

HKSCC OPERATIONAL PROCEDURES
                                                                                         21/5
           of the subject Eligible Securities
           determined by HKSCC, HKSCC
           may use the higher value for the
           purposes of determining the stock
           settlement fee payable.

       ⎯   Stock settlement fee for broker-       0.0020% of the gross value subject to a
           custodian SI Transactions without      minimum fee of HK$2 and maximum
           trade value data input and all other   fee of HK$100 for each such SI
           types of SI Transactions, payable      Transaction.
           by each counterparty Participant to
           such SI Transaction.

           Notes:
           Gross value for eligible non-Debt
           Securities    refers   to     value
           calculated at nominal prices of the
           previous trading day, and for
           eligible Debt Securities, refers to
           their nominal value.

           Fee debited on completion of
           Settlement.

           Notes:
           A 50% discount in stock clearing
           fee and stock settlement fee may
           be granted to Participants, on
           written application by Participants,
           for the portfolio transfer of SI
           Transactions due to change of
           business structure or clearing
           arrangement of Participants subject
           to payment of a maximum fee of
           HK$2,500 by each counterparty
           Participant where the beneficial
           ownership remains unchanged or
           of a maximum fee of HK$5,000 by
           each counterparty Participant
           where there is a change in the
           beneficial ownership.

           A discount in stock clearing fee
           and stock settlement fee may be
           granted to Participants, on written
           application by Participants, for SI
           Transactions involving China
           Connect Securities due to such
           reasons as may be specified by
           HKSCC from time to time.

       ⎯   Money settlement fee for SI            HK$0.50 for HKD items, RMB items
           Transactions payable by each           and USD items for each EPI issued by
           counterparty Participant to SI         HKSCC for SI Transactions settled in
           Transactions.                          CCASS on a DVP basis.

HKSCC OPERATIONAL PROCEDURES
                                                                                        21/6

           Note:
           Fee debited on the day of money
           settlement.

       ⎯   Money settlement fee for SI            HK$0.50 for HKD items, RMB items
           Transactions settled in CCASS on       and USD items per side per SI
           a RDP basis payable by each            Transaction elected by the Participants
           counterparty Participant to SI         to be settled in CCASS on a RDP basis.
           Transactions.

           Note:
           Fee debited on the day of money
           settlement.


21.3   CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT OF ISI TRANSACTIONS

       ⎯   Stock clearing fee for each ISI        HK$1.00 each.
           input by a Participant other than an
           Investor Participant.

           Note:
           Fee debited on input date and
           payable     by    the     inputting
           Participant only. No such fee will
           be payable by Investor Participant.

       ⎯   Stock clearing fee for each ISI        HK$1.00 each.
           amendment input by a Participant
           other than an Investor Participant.

           Note:
           Fee debited on input date and
           payable      by   the    inputting
           Participant only. No such fee will
           be payable by an Investor
           Participant.

       ⎯   Stock clearing fee for affirmation     NIL
           of ISI by an Investor Participant.

       ⎯   Stock settlement fee for ISI           NIL
           Transactions with trade value data
           input.

           Note:
           The fee is only payable by Investor
           Participant to such ISI Transaction.
           No such fee will be payable by the
           other counterparty Participant to
           such ISI Transaction.

       ⎯   Stock settlement fee for ISI           NIL
           Transactions without trade value

HKSCC OPERATIONAL PROCEDURES
                                                                                          21/7
            data input.

            Note:
            The fee is only payable by Investor
            Participant to such ISI Transaction.
            No such fee will be payable by the
            other counterparty Participant to
            such ISI Transaction.

        ⎯   Money settlement fee for ISI           HK$0.50 for HKD items, RMB
            Transactions payable by each           items and USD items for each EPI
            counterparty Participant to ISI        issued by HKSCC for ISI
            Transactions.                          Transactions settled in CCASS on a
                                                   DVP basis.
            Note:
            Fee debited on the day of money
            settlement.

        ⎯   Money settlement fee for ISI           HK$0.50 for HKD items, RMB
            Transactions settled in CCASS on       items and USD items per side per
            RDP basis payable by each              ISI Transaction elected by the
            counterparty to ISI Transactions.      Participants to be settled in CCASS
                                                   on a RDP basis.
            Note:
            Fee debited on the day of money
            settlement.

21.3A   CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT OF TRANSFER INSTRUCTIONS

        ⎯   Stock clearing fee for each TI         HK$1.00.
            submitted by a Participant.

            Note:
            Fee debited on date of submission.

        ⎯   Stock transfer fee for each TI         0.002% of the gross value subject to
            relating to a transfer between a       a minimum fee of HK$2 and
            Participant and a Recognized           maximum fee of HK$100.
            Dealer or between a Participant
            and a CMU Member.

            Notes:
            Gross value for Exchange Fund
            Notes,    Government         Bonds,
            Specified Instruments and CMU
            Instruments refers to their nominal
            value.

            Fee debited on completion of the
            TI.

            Out-of-pocket expenses incurred
            by HKSCC, if any, will be borne
            by the Participant.


HKSCC OPERATIONAL PROCEDURES
                                                                                           21/8

21.3B   CROSS-BORDER TRANSFER (RECEIPTS/DELIVERIES) INSTRUCTIONS

        ⎯    Cross-border transfer fee for         HK$200 per receipt / delivery
             Cross-Border Transfer Instructions    instruction.
             on receipts/deliveries of Foreign
             Securities   and     Uncertificated
             Eligible Securities, as referred to
             in Rule 907.

             Notes:
             Fee debited on date of submission
             of instruction.

             Out-of-pocket expenses incurred
             by HKSCC, if any, will be borne
             by the Participant.


21.4    Repealed


21.5    DEPOSITORY AND NOMINEE SERVICES

         ⎯ Stock deposit fee for the deposit       NIL
           of     certificates  representing
           Eligible Securities other than
           China Connect Securities into
           CCASS.

             Note:
             Stock deposit fee for initial/bulk
             deposit of eligible bearer Debt
             Securities will be nil.

         ⎯ Stock     withdrawal     fee     for    HK$3.50 per Board Lot. Odd lot
           registered Eligible Securities other    also charged at HK$3.50 each.
           than China Connect Securities.          Transfer deed stamp duty of HK$5
                                                   for each certificate, if any, will be
             Notes:                                borne by the Participant.
             Fee debited on the        day   of
             withdrawal.

             Fee inclusive of registration and
             transfer fee charged by HKSCC.

             HKSCC may, on the written
             application of Participants, waive
             the registration and transfer fee
             included in the stock withdrawal
             fee levied on Participants (which
             cease to participate in CCASS)
             due to business restructuring,


HKSCC OPERATIONAL PROCEDURES
                                                                                         21/9
           cessation     of     business      or
           liquidation or death of Participants
           (if an individual) to the extent that
           HKSCC has made such charge at
           the previous collection date of the
           relevant Eligible Securities other
           than China Connect Securities.

           No waiver of the registration and
           transfer fee included in the stock
           withdrawal fee shall be allowed
           by HKSCC on any application by
           a Participant if the Participant has
           also applied for and HKSCC has
           granted the registration and
           transfer fee concession hereinafter
           mentioned as a result of such an
           application.

           Fee not applicable to Eligible
           Securities which are Foreign
           Securities or China Connect
           Securities.

       ⎯ Stock withdrawal fee for eligible         HK$100 per certificate.
         bearer Debt Securities.

           Notes:
           Fee debited on the          day   of
           withdrawal.

           Fee not applicable to Debt
           Securities which are Foreign
           Securities or China Connect
           Securities.

       ⎯ Stock withdrawal fee for other            HK$1 per Board Lot for registered
         non-Eligible   Securities     or          securities or HK$1 per certificate
         securities which have been                for bearer securities. Odd lot also
         discontinued    as      Eligible          charged at HK$1 each.
         Securities.

           Notes:
           This may include uncertificated or
           delisted bearer securities.

           Discontinued Eligible Securities
           by reason of delisting or expiry
           are also covered (eg. Expired
           warrants).

           Fee not applicable to Foreign
           Securities or China Connect
           Securities.


HKSCC OPERATIONAL PROCEDURES
                                                                                        21/10
       ⎯ Stock withdrawal fee for Foreign         HK$600 per instruction.
         Securities.

           Notes:
           Fee debited on completion of
           withdrawal.

           Fee also applicable to the
           withdrawal        of      securities
           entitlements     accruing       from
           Foreign Securities which do not
           constitute Eligible Securities.

           Out-of-pocket expenses incurred
           by HKSCC, if any, will be borne
           by the Participant.

       ⎯ Stock     withdrawal     fee  for        HK$1 per Board Lot for registered
         securities entitlements which are        securities or HK$1 per certificate
         non-Eligible Securities.                 for bearer securities. Odd lot also
                                                  charged at HK$1 each.
           Note:
           Fee not applicable to Foreign
           Securities or China Connect
           Securities.

       ⎯ Stock custody fee for the custody        HK$0.012 per Board Lot subject to
         of      securities   representing        a maximum of HK$100,000 per
         registered securities held in            month per Participant. Odd lots
         CCASS.                                   also charged at HK$0.012 each.

           Notes:
           Fee calculated on aggregate
           month-end       stock quantity
           balances in Stock Accounts of
           each Participant.

           For securities that have undergone
           automatic conversion (for share
           sub-divisions or consolidations
           and stock conversions) in CCASS
           on the last Business Day of a
           month, the stock quantity balance
           and board lot before such
           automatic conversion will be used
           for calculation of the stock
           custody fee for that month.

           Fee debited at end of each
           calendar month.

           Fee not applicable to Foreign
           Securities or China Connect
           Securities.


HKSCC OPERATIONAL PROCEDURES
                                                                                      21/11
           Fee not applicable to a China
           Connect Clearing House.

       ⎯ Stock custody fee for the custody      0.012% per annum on nominal
         of    securities   in     CCASS        values calculated on a daily basis,
         representing a) bearer Debt            subject to a maximum of
         Securities, b) Exchange Fund           HK$300,000 per month per
         Notes, c) Government Bonds, d)         Participant.
         Specified Instruments and e)
         CMU Instruments.

           Notes:
           Fee calculated on aggregate daily
           balance of nominal values of
           bearer Debt Securities, Exchange
           Fund Notes, Government Bonds,
           Specified Instruments and CMU
           Instruments in Stock Accounts of
           each Participant.

           Fee debited at end of each
           calendar month.

           Fee not applicable to Foreign
           Securities or China Connect
           Securities.

           Fee not applicable to a China
           Connect Clearing House.

       ⎯ Stock maintenance fee for Foreign      HK$0.25 per 100 shares. Odd lots
         Securities.                            also charged at HK$0.25.

           Notes:
           Fee calculated on daily average
           stock quantity balance of Foreign
           Securities in Stock Accounts of
           each Participant on a monthly
           basis.

           For Foreign Securities that have
           undergone automatic conversion
           (for share sub-divisions or
           consolidations      and      stock
           conversions) in CCASS on any
           Business Day of a month, the
           stock quantity balance before such
           automatic conversion will be used
           for calculation of the daily
           average stock quantity balance for
           that month.

           Fee debited at end of each
           calendar month.


HKSCC OPERATIONAL PROCEDURES
                                                                                      21/12


           Fee not applicable to a China
           Connect Clearing House.

       ⎯ Portfolio fee for Participants’       Accrued daily at fixed cumulative
         China Connect Securities held or      percentage per annum on the total
         recorded in CCASS.                    daily stock portfolio value of China
                                               Connect Securities per Participant.
           Notes:
           Fee calculated on aggregate daily   •   The first HK$50 billion is
           stock portfolio value in Stock          charged at 0.008%.
           Accounts of each Participant and    •   The next HK$200 billion is
           collected on a monthly basis.           charged at 0.007%, the rate
                                                   applicable to portfolio values
           Fee debited at end of each              above HK$50 billion and up to
           calendar month.                         HK$250 billion.
                                               •   The next HK$250 billion is
                                                   charged at 0.006%, the rate
                                                   applicable to portfolio values
                                                   above HK$250 billion and up
                                                   to HK$500 billion.
                                               •   The next HK$250 billion is
                                                   charged at 0.005%, the rate
                                                   applicable to portfolio values
                                                   above HK$500 billion and up
                                                   to HK$750 billion.
                                               •   The next HK$250 billion is
                                                   charged at 0.004%, the rate
                                                   applicable to portfolio values
                                                   above HK$750 billion and up
                                                   to HK$1,000 billion.
                                               •   Remainder is charged at
                                                   0.003%, the rate applicable to
                                                   portfolio     values    above
                                                   HK$1,000 billion.

       ⎯ Portfolio fee for the safe-keeping    Accrued daily at fixed cumulative
         of Eligible Securities in CCASS       percentage per annum on the total
         of a China Connect Clearing           daily stock portfolio value of
         House in respect of each Special      Eligible Securities of the China
         Participant.                          Connect Clearing House in respect
                                               of each Special Participant.
           Notes:
           Fee calculated on aggregate daily   •   The first HK$50 billion is
           stock portfolio value in Stock          charged at 0.008%.
           Accounts in respect of each         •   The next HK$200 billion is
           Special Participant and collected       charged at 0.007%, the rate
           on a monthly basis.                     applicable to portfolio values
                                                   above HK$50 billion and up to
           Fee debited at end of each              HK$250 billion.
           calendar month.                     •   The next HK$250 billion is
                                                   charged at 0.006%, the rate
                                                   applicable to portfolio values
                                                   above HK$250 billion and up

HKSCC OPERATIONAL PROCEDURES
                                                                                        21/13
                                                    to HK$500 billion.
                                                •   The next HK$250 billion is
                                                    charged at 0.005%, the rate
                                                    applicable to portfolio values
                                                    above HK$500 billion and up
                                                    to HK$750 billion.
                                                •   The next HK$250 billion is
                                                    charged at 0.004%, the rate
                                                    applicable to portfolio values
                                                    above HK$750 billion and up
                                                    to HK$1,000 billion.
                                                •   Remainder is charged at
                                                    0.003%, the rate applicable to
                                                    portfolio    values     above
                                                    HK$1,000 billion.

       ⎯ Dividend and other distribution        0.12% of the aggregate of cash
         and bonus and Debt Securities          amount of dividend, distribution,
         interest collection service fee.       bonus and interest per stock/Debt
                                                Securities paid to Participant in one
           Notes:                               currency on the same day, subject
           Fee is charged for cash dividend     to a maximum fee of HK$10,000
           or cash distribution or cash bonus   (or its equivalent in foreign
           or cash interest only.               currencies).

           No fee is charged for scrip
           dividend or bonus shares.

           Fee together with other applicable
           bank charges will be deducted at
           source at the time of distribution
           to Participants.

           Fee also applicable to Units and
           Foreign Securities.

           Fee not applicable to China
           Connect Securities.

           Fee not applicable to China
           Connect Clearing House.

       ⎯ Handling fee for conversion,           HK$30 per
         redemption and corporate actions       instruction/announcement.
         of registered and bearer Debt
         Securities including Exchange
         Fund Notes, Government Bonds,
         Specified Instruments and CMU
         Instruments.

           Notes:
           Fee is debited on input date.

           Where     there   is   automatic
           conversion or redemption of non-

HKSCC OPERATIONAL PROCEDURES
                                                                                        21/14
           eligible registered or bearer Debt
           Securities including Exchange
           Fund Notes, Specified Instruments
           and CMU Instruments, the
           handling fee shall be payable.

           Fee also applicable to Foreign
           Securities.

       ⎯ Corporate actions service fee for       HK$0.80 per Board Lot subject to a
         registered non-Debt Securities.         maximum of HK$10,000 per
                                                 instruction or (if no instruction is
           Notes:                                required for a corporate action) per
           Fee applicable to all corporate       corporate action per account. Odd
           actions other than collection of      lots also charged at HK$0.80 each.
           cash dividends, cash distribution     Where the amount calculated as
           and bonuses, bonus shares, stock      aforesaid         exceeds        the
           dividends, corporate voting, stock    corresponding amount of cash
           splitting, or stock consolidation.    payment entitlement collected in
                                                 respect of the corporate action and
           Fee calculated on stock quantity      such cash payment is the only form
           balances on which the corporate       of entitlement collected in respect
           actions are to be taken.              of that corporate action (for the
                                                 avoidance of doubt, this does not
           Fee debited on input dates or         apply where there is no cash
           event dates of corporate actions.     payment entitlement in respect of a
                                                 corporate action), the amount of the
           Fee also applicable to automatic      cash payment.
           exercise of Structured Products at
           expiry.

           Fee also applicable to applications
           for issue and redemption of Units.

           Fee also applicable to Foreign
           Securities.

           Fee not applicable to China
           Connect Securities.

           Fee not applicable to China
           Connect Clearing House.

       ⎯ Handling     fee    for    warrant      HK$600 per instruction.
         conversion, voluntary takeover,
         tender offer, or open offer in
         respect of Foreign Securities.

           Notes:
           Fee debited on date of submission
           of instruction.

           Out-of-pocket expenses incurred
           by HKSCC, if any, will be borne
           by the Participant.

HKSCC OPERATIONAL PROCEDURES
                                                                                         21/15

       ⎯ Handling charge for unclaimed             HK$200 per claim application in
         entitlements.                             respect of unclaimed entitlements
                                                   of a stock or (if the gross cash
           Notes:                                  amount      of    the    unclaimed
           Fee applicable to claims made by        entitlements is less than HK$200)
           the Participants against HKSCC.         the gross cash amount.

           Fee is additional to other fees for
           relevant nominee services.

           Fee is payable on successful claim
           application.

       ⎯ Registration and transfer fee.            HK$1.50 per Board Lot on net
                                                   increase in aggregate holdings in
           Notes:                                  Board Lots of registered securities
           HKSCC may incur payments for            in balances in the Stock Accounts
           re-registration     of    registered    of a Participant since the date on
           Eligible Securities as well as non-     which fee was last collected by
           Eligible Securities and in relation     HKSCC. Odd lots also charged at
           to adjustments for entitlements in      HK$1.50 each.
           respect of late deliveries under the
           CNS System.                             NIL for Exchange Fund Notes,
                                                   Government Bonds, Specified
           In relation to portfolio transfer of    Instruments, CMU Instruments and
           registered securities from Clearing     Foreign Securities.
           and/or Custodian Participants’
           Stock Accounts to the Investor
           Participant’s Stock Account in
           CCASS by ISI Transactions
           without trade data value input
           within the first ten Settlement
           Days from the date of opening of
           the investor account and for which
           HKSCC has granted registration
           and transfer fee concession to the
           Investor Participant; the number
           of Board Lots representing such
           transfer will be deducted from the
           aggregate holdings in Board Lots
           in the Stock Accounts balances of
           the Clearing and/or Custodian
           Participant for the purpose of
           calculating the registration and
           transfer fee payable by such
           Clearing      and/or      Custodian
           Participant.

           Fee is debited on one of the
           following collection dates:-

           (i)   The last registration date of a
                 corporate event of which a
                 book-close date / record date

HKSCC OPERATIONAL PROCEDURES
                                                   21/16
                is announced by the issuer of
                registered securities for
                determining the registered
                holders and their registered
                holdings that qualify for
                receipt of cash and non-cash
                entitlements, (other than for
                receipt of out-of-money
                rights issue entitlements
                determined by reference to
                the closing nominal prices of
                the underlying securities on
                the first ex-date, i.e., two
                trading days prior to the
                relevant book-close date /
                record date, for attendance at
                meetings and votings solely
                without receipt of any
                entitlement and for stock
                conversion      into     other
                Eligible Securities only);

           (ii) Event date of corporate
                actions other than share
                splitting,              share
                consolidation,          stock
                conversion      into    other
                Eligible     Securities    or
                corporate actions involving
                no cash distribution to the
                registered holders).

           Fee is subject to revision if
           registration and transfer fee is
           changed by share registrars.

           Fee not applicable to China
           Connect Securities.

           Fee not applicable to China
           Connect Clearing House.

           HKSCC         may,     on     written
           applications of Participants, grant
           concessions to the Participants
           with respect to all or part of the
           registration and transfer fee and
           HKSCC may charge a handling
           charge      of    HK$1,000        per
           application.      HKSCC         shall
           stipulate the circumstances, and
           the criteria to be satisfied, for the
           grant from time to time.

           Concession may be granted on a

HKSCC OPERATIONAL PROCEDURES
                                                                                         21/17
           written application by the
           Participants if their CCASS
           participantship is altered due to
           their business restructuring.

           A concessionary registration and
           transfer fee of HK$2.50 per
           certificate will be charged in
           respect of large denomination
           registered share/Debt Securities
           certificates deposited in CCASS
           instead of the normal registration
           and transfer fee.      Each such
           registered share/Debt Securities
           certificate must represent at least
           1,000 Board Lots. Such fee will
           be debited at the time of deposit.
           The number of Board Lots
           represented by such large
           denomination             registered
           share/Debt Securities certificates
           will not be included in the
           calculation    of    the    normal
           registration and transfer fee
           debited on the relevant collection
           date.

       ⎯ Bank charges on foreign currency        Actual amounts          incurred   by
         benefits      and    entitlements       HKSCC.
         distribution.

           Note:
           Recovery of bank charges from
           Participants will be deducted at
           source at the time of distribution
           of entitlements to Participants.

       ⎯ Handling fee for Electronic             HK$5 per instruction.
         Application Instructions for New
         Issue Shares.

           Note:
           Fee is debited on application end
           date.

       ⎯ Handling      fee      for    Tender    HK$5 per instruction.
         Instructions.

           Note:
           Fee is debited on input date.

       ⎯ Disbursements and out-of-pocket         Actual amounts          incurred   by
         expenses in connection with             HKSCC.
         nominee services.


HKSCC OPERATIONAL PROCEDURES
                                                                                     21/18
            Note:
            Recoveries of disbursements and
            out-of-pocket    expenses     are
            additional to other fees for
            relevant nominee services and will
            be debited or deducted as and
            when incurred by HKSCC.

       ⎯ Subscription fee for CA ISO              HK$20,000      per   month   per
         Message Service.                         Participant.

            Note:
            Fee calculated at the end of each
            calendar month and debited on
            next Business Day.

            Fee for the first and final months
            of CA ISO Message Service will
            be pro-rated if applicable.

       ⎯ Handling fee for submitting a            HK$3,000 per requisition
         requisition to an Issuer.

            Note:
            Fee is debited upon delivery of the
            requisition to the Issuer and it is
            not refundable.



21.6   [Repealed]


21.7   OTHER MONEY SETTLEMENT FEES

       ⎯    Money settlement fees for other       HK$0.50 for HKD items, RMB
            miscellaneous amounts to be paid      items and USD items for each
            to or collected from Participants     DDI/DCI/EPI issued or each CPI
                                                  settled by HKSCC.
            (eg. Marks, Margin, Basic
            Contributions,            Dynamic
            Contributions, application and
            refund monies under Tender
            Instructions, and any redelivery of
            Collateral in relation to the early
            release    of    China     Connect
            Securities that are Securities-on-
            hold).

            Notes:
            Fee debited on the day of money
            settlement.

HKSCC OPERATIONAL PROCEDURES
                                                                                             21/19


            Fee not applicable to EPIs issued
            by HKSCC on a weekly basis for
            effecting fee payment as referred
            to in Section 21.14.

       ⎯    Money settlement fee for Intra-day           HK$12.80 for each Intra-day
            Payment Instruction.                         Payment Instruction issued by
                                                         HKSCC.
            Note:
            Fee debited on the day of money
            settlement.


21.8   REPORT REPRINTING SERVICE

       ⎯    Report reprinting service fee.               HK$10 per page for lost copies of
                                                         reports at Participants’ request
            Note:                                        (printed by HKSCC).
            Fee debited on date of service.

21.9   (i) Repealed

       (ii) Repealed

       (iii) FEES FOR CCASS TERMINALS

       ⎯    Establishment of each Authorised                HK$250
            User or Delegated Administrator.

            Note:
            Fee debited upon establishment of a
            new Authorised User or Delegated
            Administrator.


       (iv) FEES FOR PARTICIPANT GATEWAYS

       ⎯    Supply or     replacement        of   each      HK$250.
            smartcard.

            Note:
            Fee debited      upon     delivery      of
            smartcard.

       ⎯    Supply or replacement            of   each      HK$300.
            smartcard reader.

            Note:
            Fee debited upon          delivery      of
            smartcard reader.




HKSCC OPERATIONAL PROCEDURES
                                                                                           21/20
        ⎯   Testing fees of Participant Gateway.       HK$1,500 per day or part thereof for
                                                       testing on Mondays to Fridays within
            Notes:                                     HKSCC's normal working hours.
            Fee payable by those Participants
            which request for additional testing in    HK$2,500 per half day or part thereof
            addition to the free sessions offered by   for testing on Saturdays from 9:30 a.m.
            HKSCC.                                     to 12:30 p.m.

            Fee debited upon completion of             HK$5,000 per day or part thereof for
            testing.                                   testing on Saturdays from 9:30 a.m. to
                                                       4:00 p.m. provided that if testing does
                                                       not extend beyond 12:30 p.m., the fee
                                                       payable shall be HK$2,500.

        ⎯   Usage fee      for   each   Participant    HK$53,000 per annum.
            Gateway.


21.10   APPLICABLE INTEREST RATES

        ⎯   Rate of interest chargeable on overdue     HKD or where applicable, RMB or USD
            money balances in HKD or RMB or            best lending rate of HKSCC’s banker
            USD owed to HKSCC.                         plus 2% per annum or the relevant
                                                       Interbank Offered Rate for HKD, RMB
            Notes:                                     or USD plus 2% per annum, whichever
            Interest will be debited to the Money      is higher and is incurred by HKSCC.
            Ledger of Participants and collected
            on a daily basis (except the Billing
            Account, to which interest will be
            debited and collected on a weekly
            basis).


        ⎯   Rate of interest allowed or charged on     In relation to a currency, where the
            Marks, Margin or Collateral of each        reference rate for such currency is
            Participant                                positive and greater than the prevailing
                                                       handling fee, the applicable interest rate
            Notes:                                     will be the reference rate, less the
            In respect of each Participant, interest   prevailing handling fee.
            that may be allowed or charged will
            be calculated daily by HKSCC by            Where the reference rate for the relevant
            multiplying the interest rate with the     currency is positive and less than or
            HKD, USD and RMB cash balance of           equal to the prevailing handling fee, no
            the CCMS House Collateral Account          interest payment will be made.
            of such Participant on such day, and
            paid or charged monthly to such            Where the reference rate for the relevant
            Participant by crediting or debiting, as   currency is negative, HKSCC will
            the case may be, the CCMS House            charge each HKSCC Participant an
            Collateral     Account      of     such    interest rate on that currency which is
            Participant, on the first Business Day     calculated based on the net costs
            of the following month.                    incurred by HKSCC for that currency
                                                       (including any negative yield, swap
            The rate of interest may be varied         costs and charges imposed by banks).
            from time to time by HKSCC without
            prior notice.                              For the purposes of this Section, the

HKSCC OPERATIONAL PROCEDURES
                                                                  21/21
                               reference rate for each relevant currency
                               is determined as follows:

                                Currency            Reference rate
                                HKD                 The     prevailing
                                                    HKD-HIBOR
                                                    overnight, being
                                                    the      overnight
                                                    Hong         Kong
                                                    Interbank Offered
                                                    Rate administered
                                                    by the Treasury
                                                    Markets
                                                    Association
                                USD                 The     prevailing
                                                    USD-SOFR,
                                                    being the Secured
                                                    Overnight
                                                    Financing Rate
                                                    administered by
                                                    the        Federal
                                                    Reserve Bank of
                                                    New York
                                RMB                 The     prevailing
                                                    CNY-SHIBOR,
                                                    being          the
                                                    Shanghai
                                                    Interbank Offered
                                                    Rate           for
                                                    overnight
                                                    deposits
                                                    administered by
                                                    the China Foreign
                                                    Exchange Trade
                                                    System          &
                                                    National
                                                    Interbank
                                                    Funding Center
                                                    authorized by the
                                                    People’s Bank of
                                                    China

                               For the purposes of this Section, the
                               prevailing handling fee is as follows:

                                Period           Prevailing
                                                 handling fee
                                2 October 2025 – 0.80%
                                30     December
                                2026
                                31     December 0.70%
                                2026    –     30
                                December 2027
                                31     December 0.60%


HKSCC OPERATIONAL PROCEDURES
                                                                                        21/22
                                                       2027    –    28
                                                       December 2028
                                                       29     December 0.50%
                                                       2028 onwards

         ⎯   Rate of interest allowed or charged on   To be determined by HKSCC from time
             Mainland Settlement Deposit and          to time by reference to RMB prevailing
             Mainland Security Deposit collected      bank savings rates and the rate of
             in cash in RMB from the Participant      interest allowed or charged by the China
                                                      Connect Clearing House
             Notes:
             Interest that may be allowed or
             charged will be accrued and paid or
             charged quarterly to Participants by
             crediting or debiting, as the case may
             be, Miscellaneous Account of the
             China Connect Clearing Participant’s
             Money Ledger, on the first Business
             Day of the following quarter.

             The rate of interest may be varied
             from time to time by HKSCC without
             prior notice.


21.11    SSA WITH STATEMENT SERVICE

         ⎯   Fee for issuing hard copy statement(s)        HK$10 per month per account.
             of each SSA with Statement Service.

             Note:
             A full month’s fee will be charged for
             the months of opening and closing
             such SSA with Statement Service.

             Fee will be debited on the first
             Business Day of each month.


21.11A   STOCK SEGREGATED ACCOUNT TRANSFER INSTRUCTIONS

         ⎯   Clearing Fee for each STI input by a          HK$1 per instruction
             Clearing Participant or Custodian
             Participant.

             Note:
             Fee debited at end of each calendar
             month and payable by the inputting
             Participant.



21.12    Repealed



HKSCC OPERATIONAL PROCEDURES
                                                                                              21/23
21.13   COSTS AND EXPENSES – MISCELLANEOUS
        Fee for other services and facilities will be specified and announced from time to time by
        HKSCC.

        Unless otherwise stated, all other disbursements and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by
        HKSCC are to be reimbursed by the respective Participants. The relevant Participants must
        reimburse HKSCC for any additional disbursements or out-of-pocket expenses incurred by
        HKSCC, including but not limited to those related to China Connect Securities Trades, on
        their behalf in the Eligible Currency specified by HKSCC from time to time.


21.14   BILLING
        Unless otherwise stated, all fees payable by a Participant other than an Investor Participant
        will be debited in Hong Kong dollars or the Hong Kong dollar equivalents of the relevant
        foreign currencies to its Billing Account (a sub-account of its Money Ledger) when due and
        will be settled on a weekly basis through the generation of EPIs (see further Section 14.5).

        Foreign currencies will be converted to their Hong Kong dollar equivalents at exchange
        rates determined by HKSCC from time to time.


21.15   REVIEW OF COSTS AND EXPENSES
        HKSCC shall, from time to time, review the costs and expenses.


21.16   DEFAULT FEE FOR LATE DELIVERY UNDER THE CNS SYSTEM

        ⎯    Fee for failure to settle CNS short       0.50% multiplied by the market value
             stock position arising from               (based upon the closing price quoted on the
             Exchange Trades on the due date           Exchange on the due date) of the
             (i.e., T+2)                               corresponding short stock position arising
                                                       from Exchange Trades, subject to a
             Notes:                                    maximum fee of HK$100,000 for each
             Fee will be debited by DDI on T+2.        corresponding short stock position.

             In respect of short stock position
             for which HKSCC has granted an
             exemption from a Buy-in, fee will
             be refunded by DCI on T+3 except
             that where an exemption is granted
             under Section 10.8.3(v), (x) and
             (xii) in respect of failed delivery
             being due to a Participant’s clerical
             error or calculation error, fee may
             not be refunded at the discretion of
             HKSCC. However, fee may be
             debited again if an exemption is
             granted but delivery of sufficient
             Eligible Securities is not made on
             T+3.

             Fee may be revised by HKSCC
             from time to time.



HKSCC OPERATIONAL PROCEDURES
                                                                                                 21/24
         ⎯    Fee for failure to settle CNS short        1.00% multiplied by the market value
              stock position in China Connect            (based upon the closing price quoted on the
              Securities on the due date (i.e., T)       relevant China Connect Market on the due
                                                         date) of the corresponding short stock
              Notes:                                     position in China Connect Securities,
              Fee will be debited by DDI on T.           subject to a maximum fee of HKD200,000
                                                         for each corresponding short stock position
              In respect of short stock position         in China Connect Securities.
              for which HKSCC has granted an
              exemption from a Buy-in under
              Section 10A.6.2A(ii), fee will be
              refunded by DCI on T+1.
              However, fee may be debited
              again if an exemption is granted
              but delivery of sufficient China
              Connect Securities is not made on
              T+1.

              Fee may be revised by HKSCC
              from time to time.


21.17    FOREIGN CURRENCY DENOMINATED TRANSACTIONS
         Unless otherwise specified, the fee structure set out in this Section 21 shall be applicable to
         both Hong Kong dollar and non-Hong Kong dollar Eligible Securities transactions. In the
         case of non-Hong Kong dollar transactions, the calculated fee amounts will be converted into
         Hong Kong dollar equivalents at exchange rates determined by HKSCC and collected by
         HKSCC in Hong Kong dollars. Dividend collection fees and interest collection fees will be
         collected by HKSCC in currency in which the relevant securities are denominated and
         deducted by HKSCC at source before payment.


21.18    PUBLICATIONS
         [Repealed]


21.18a   [Repealed]


21.19    CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT OF TSF FX TRANSACTIONS

          –    TSF FX clearing fee                        NIL

          –    TSF FX settlement fee payable by           HK$2 per TSF FX Transaction
               each TSF Clearing Participant for
               each TSF FX Transaction settled
               through CCASS.

               Notes:
               Fee debited on T+1




HKSCC OPERATIONAL PROCEDURES
                                                                                            21/25
21.20 EXCEPTION HANDLING FEE IN RELATION TO SETTLEMENT OF TSF
      FX TRANSACTIONS AND EARMARKING OF TSF STOCKS

        –   Exception handling fee in respect of       0.50% multiplied by the unsettled amount
            a failure to settle a TSF Final FX         subject to a maximum amount of
            Position or a TSF payment                  HK$100,000 in respect of each failure to
            instruction generated for the              settle.
            settlement of Stock Release FX
            Transaction on the due date;

            Notes:
            For the calculation of the fee, if the
            unsettled amount is in RMB, the fee
            will be calculated based on the
            corresponding HKD amount under the
            HKD money position in respect of the
            TSF Final FX Position or the stock
            release payment instruction.

            The fee will be debited in HKD by
            EPIs.

            The fee may be revised by HKSCC
            from time to time.

        –   Exception handling fee in respect of a     0.50% multiplied by the HKD money
            failure to transfer the number of shares   position of the FX transaction executed by
            for earmarking pursuant to Section         HKSCC with the default TSF Clearing
            12A.5.4(iv)                                Participant     pursuant     to    Section
                                                       12A.5.4(iv), subject to a maximum
            Notes:                                     amount of HK$100,000 in respect of each
            The fee will be debited in HKD             failure.
            byEPIs.

            The fee may be revised by HKSCC
            from time to time.



21.21   SPECIAL SEGREGATED ACCOUNT

        –   Special     Segregated         Account     HK$50 per month per account.
            Maintenance Fee.

            Note:
            A full month’s fee will be charged for
            the months of opening and closing
            such Special Segregated Account.

            Fee will be debited on the first
            Business Day of each month.




HKSCC OPERATIONAL PROCEDURES
