                                                                          編號
                                                                          Ref.   PT/NIS/CCASS/100/2026
                                                                          No.:
                                                                          日期
                                                                          Date: 30/03/2026




香港中央結算有限公司
(香港交易及結算所有限公司全資附屬公司)

HONG KONG SECURITIES CLEARING COMPANY LIMITED
(A wholly-owned subsidiary of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited)



通告 CIRCULAR

 Subject:          Updates on the Implementation of Uncertificated Securities Market (USM)
 Enquiry:          CCASS Hotline : 2979 7111 / E-mail : clearingps@hkex.com.hk


Reference is made to the circular dated 7 August 2025 (Reference: PT/NIS/CCASS/236/2025)
regarding the implementation of the Uncertificated Securities Market (USM) in Hong Kong. Since
this last update, Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited (HKSCC) has made great
progress together with the Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) and the Federation of Share
Registrars Limited (FSR) on the readiness of implementing the USM regime.

The SFC today announced that the USM regime is targeted to be launched on 16 November 2026.
HKSCC is also pleased to announce that the SFC has approved the corresponding amendments to
General Rules of HKSCC and the HKSCC Operational Procedures, which will take effect upon the
implementation of USM regime. The corresponding amendments are now available on the HKEX
USM designated webpage. These approvals represent a key milestone in the transition to the USM
regime and pave the way for the successful commencement of implementation.

To facilitate the preparation of Clearing Participants and Custodian Participants (together, the
“CPs”), a series of activities are planned as follows:

(i)    A supplementary information paper on USM implementation is now available on the HKEX
       website. This paper sets out the latest updates, including:
       •    Operational and procedural changes to securities deposit and withdrawal under the USM
            regime;
       •    Arrangements for prescribed securities to become participating securities so that issuers
            transition to the new regime in an orderly manner;
       •    Modernisation of the relevant HKSCC fee structure under the USM regime; and
       •    Fees charged by approved securities registrars (ASRs) and collected via HKSCC.

       CPs may contact HKSCC via the CCASS Hotline with any questions on the information paper,
       including enquiries about how the modernised fee structure may affect their own fees based
       on their historical portfolios.
                                                                                                                                          2




(ii)    Three briefing sessions will be conducted to support CPs in their preparation for USM
        implementation. CPs are strongly encouraged to attend and register via the Event section in
        Client Connect on HKEX Access Management Portal by 14 April 2026 (Tuesday). Details of
        the briefings are as follows:
                      Date                   Mode of Briefing             Time           Language
         16 April 2026 (Thursday)         Microsoft Teams video       16:30 – 17:45        English
         22 April 2026 (Wednesday)             conferencing #
                                                                                         Cantonese
         24 April 2026 (Friday)           Grand Auditorium, 1/F,      16:30 – 17:45      Cantonese
                                          One & Two Exchange          (Registration
                                              Square, Central*       starts at 16:00)
          #Confirmation email together with the Microsoft Teams information will be sent to those who

          have successfully registered
          *Maximum 2 attendees per CP


(iii)   To better understand CPs’ progress of preparation work for USM, HKSCC, in collaboration
        with the SFC, invites all CPs to complete “The Implementation of Uncertificated Securities
        Market (USM) – Questionnaire” via Client Connect on HKEX Access Management Portal.
        Completion of the questionnaire is mandatory, and all CPs are required to submit their
        responses by 24 April 2026 (Friday).

(iv)    To facilitate CPs in preparing for system readiness, relevant CCASS Terminal User Guides
        are now available on the HKEX USM dedicated webpage.

(v)     Practice sessions will be arranged prior to the USM implementation for CPs to be familiarized
        with the new USM related functionalities and are well-equipped to support post launched daily
        operations. Details of the practice sessions will be announced in due course.

CPs are encouraged to visit the HKEX USM dedicated webpage for the latest information, guidance
materials and reference documents. CPs are highly recommended to coordinate with their IT teams
and/or system vendors to ensure timely preparation.



Alan Chuen
Senior Vice President
Post Trade
Operations Division

This circular has been issued in the English language with a separate Chinese language translation. If there is any conflict in the circulars
between the meaning of Chinese words or terms in the Chinese language version and English words in the English language version, the
meaning of the English words shall prevail.
