NOTE: This draft is for indicative purposes only and is provided on a non-reliance basis. These
amendments have not yet been implemented; the HKSCC Operational Procedures remain
subject to change prior to the effective date of these amendments.


HKSCC Operational Procedures


                                            Definitions
(a)     For the convenience of readers, the definitions contained in the Rules are repeated below.

 “approved securities registrar” or “ASR”
       has the meaning given by section 1 of Part 1 of Schedule 1 to the Securities and Futures
       Ordinance;

 “ASR fees”
      means fees charged by an ASR in relation to prescribed securities, and to be paid by Participants
      (other than Registrar Participants) in accordance with Sections 21.5B and 22.2A of the
      Operational Procedures;

“authenticated message”
       has the meaning given by rule 15(1) of the USM Rules;

“Collector of Stamp Revenue”
       means the Collector of Stamp Revenue appointed under section 3 of the Stamp Duty Ordinance;

“Electronic Payment Instruction” or “EPI”
       means a payment instruction generated by HKSCC and forwarded for processing to the
       Designated Bank of a Participant via the Clearing House of HKAB, to effect (i) money
       settlement between two Participants in relation to Isolated Trades or SI or ISI Transactions in
       CCASS on a DVP basis; (ii) payment of money by Clearing Participants or Custodian
       Participants to their SSA Statement Recipients in respect of STI Transfers on a DVP basis; (iii)
       payment of fees and expenses by Participants other than Investor Participants to HKSCC for
       CCASS services; or (iv) redelivery to China Connect Clearing Participants of Collateral
       provided to HKSCC for the early release of China Connect Securities that are Securities-on-
       hold; (v) payment of money to the Collector of Stamp Revenue in accordance with Stamp Duty
       Payment Requests; or (vi) payment of ASR fees;

“messaging facilities”
      means the messaging facilities provided by HKSCC as set out in Section 8A of the Operational
      Procedures;

“New Certificate”
      means, in relation to Eligible Securities in registered form, each certificate for such Eligible
      Securities which has been registered or re-issued in the name of HKSCC or its nominee since
      it was last deposited with HKSCC by a Participant or, in the case of Eligible Securities newly
      issued, each certificate issued in the name of HKSCC or its nominees;

“Participant”

                                                  1
        means a person admitted for the time being by HKSCC as a participant of CCASS;

“Participant Agreement”
        means the agreement in prescribed form between a Participant other than an Investor Participant
        and HKSCC regulating the terms and conditions of participation in CCASS or the agreement
        in prescribed form between a Registrar Participant and HKSCC;

“participating securities”
        has the meaning given to it by rule 4 of the USM Rules;

“prescribed securities”
       has the meaning given to it in section 101AA of the Securities and Futures Ordinance;

“Registrar Participant” or “RP”
       has the meaning given to “registrar participant” in section 1 of Part 1 of Schedule 1 to the
       Securities and Futures Ordinance, being a Participant admitted to participate in HKSCC as a
       Registrar Participant under Rule 303;

“Registrar Participant Admission Criteria”
       means the eligibility criteria in Rule 303 and any additional eligibility criteria which HKSCC
       may prescribe from time to time for a Registrar Participant to be, and to remain, admitted as a
       Registrar Participant as referred to in Rule 303;

“Registrar Participant Manual”
       means the manual setting out the operational and technical standards, requirements, procedures
       and guidelines for Registrar Participants, as may be amended from time to time;

“securities registrar service”
        has the meaning given by section 1 of Part 1 of Schedule 1 to the Securities and Futures
        Ordinance;

“Stamp Authorized Person”
      means a Participant that has been authorised by the Collector of Stamp Revenue under section
      5AA(2) of the Stamp Duty Ordinance and notified to HKSCC as such;

“Stamp Duty Payment Request”
      means a request submitted by a Stamp Authorized Person to make stamp duty payments to the
      Collector of Stamp Revenue;

“Uncertificated Eligible Security”
      means an Eligible Security (other than a Foreign Security, or a China Connect Security or a
      participating security) issued by an Overseas Issuer in uncertificatedscripless form and
      designated by HKSCC as an “Uncertificated Eligible Security” for the purposes of the Rules;

“USI facility”
       has the meaning given to “USI facility” in section 1.1 of the Commission’s Code of Conduct
       for Approved Securities Registrars;

“USI Transfer Request”



                                                  2
        means a request by a Stamp Authorized Person for the deposit or withdrawal of participating
        securities in uncertificated form into or out of the relevant Stock Account of the Stamp
        Authorized Person in CCASS by effecting a legal title transfer of such participating securities
        between HKSCC (or its nominee) and the holder of such securities with a USI facility with the
        relevant Registrar Participant, as referred to in Rules 801B and 812A;

“USM Rules”
     means the Securities and Futures (Uncertificated Securities Market) Rules made by the
     Commission under the Securities and Futures Ordinance, as amended and in force from time to
     time;

(b)     When used in the Operational Procedures, the following expressions shall have the following
        meanings unless the context otherwise requires:-

“Alternate Designated Officer”
       means, in relation to a Participant other than an Investor Participant, a person designated by
       that Participant as being, in the absence of the Designated Officer of that Participant, the person
       to be contacted by HKSCC in respect of matters relating to that Participant's daily operations
       in CCASS and/or other System(s), as referred to in Section 2.6;

“Authorised Signatories”
      means, in relation to a Participant other than an Investor Participant, the persons authorised by
      that Participant in the manner prescribed by HKSCC as being authorised to give written
      instructions to HKSCC in connection with any matters relating to the Participant's participation
      and operations in CCASS and/or other System(s), as referred to in Section 2.5;

“Designated Officer”
       means, in relation to a Corporate Investor Participant and a Participant other than an Investor
       Participant, a person designated by that Participant as being the person to be contacted by
       HKSCC in respect of matters relating to that Participant's daily operations in CCASS and/or
       other System(s), as referred to in Section 2.6;

“implementation date”
      means the day on which section 7 of the Securities and Futures and Companies Legislation
      (Amendment) Ordinance 2021 comes into operation;

“participation date”
        has the meaning given by rule 4(3) of the USM Rules;

“register of holders”
        has the meaning given by rule 2(1) of the USM Rules;




                                                    3
                                                Section 1

                                           Introduction
1.4     ADDITIONAL SERVICES

        HKSCC, as TSF operator, may also provide FX Services to TSF CCASS Participants for the
        purpose of facilitating the settlement of (i) TSF FX Transactions arising from TSF Exchange
        Trades; and (ii) Stock Release FX Transactions arising from Stock Release Requests.

        HKSCC, as agreed with the Collector of Stamp Revenue, may also provide stamp duty payment
        services to facilitate Stamp Authorized Persons to make stamp duty payments pursuant to
        Stamp Duty Payment Requests.



                                                Section 2

                                            Participants
2.1     ADMISSION OF PARTICIPANTS

2.1.1   Categories of Participants
        There are eightseven categories of Participants, namely:-

        (vi)   Stock Lender Participants; and

        (vii) Stock Pledgee Participants; and

        (viii) Registrar Participants.

2.1.4   Processing of applications
        Before being formally admitted as a Participant, an applicant has to fulfil the admission criteria
        and other requirements including the payment of an admission fee for Participants other than
        Investor Participants and Registrar Participants and signing of the Participant Agreement or
        Terms and Conditions, as applicable.

2.2     ADMISSION FEE

2.2.1   Amount of admission fee
        Before being formally admitted as a Participant other than an Investor Participant and a
        Registrar Participant, an applicant must pay an admission fee to HKSCC as follows:-

2.2.3   Use of admission fees
        The admission fees payable by Participants other than Investor Participants and Registrar
        Participants are intended to assist in financing the operations and enhancements of CCASS and
        the development of new and ancillary services to CCASS by HKSCC.

2.3     STOCK ACCOUNTS AND CCMS COLLATERAL ACCOUNTS


                                                    4
        This Section 2.3 is not applicable to Registrar Participants.

2.4     MONEY LEDGER

        This Section 2.4 is not applicable to Registrar Participants.

2.5     AUTHORISED SIGNATORIES

2.5.1   Subject to 2.5.2, each Participant (other than an Investor Participant or a Registrar Participant)
        must provide HKSCC with a list of authorised persons as its Authorised Signatories to give
        written instructions to HKSCC in connection with any matters relating to its participation and
        operations in CCASS and/or other System(s) and to perform, inter alia, any or all of the
        following functions on behalf of the Participant:-

        (a) authorise deposits and withdrawals of securities into and from its Stock Accounts, other
            than Stock Collateral Control Account or TSF Accounts (if the Participant is a TSF CCASS
            Participant), in CCASS and sign (where applicable) and submit the relevant forms to
            HKSCC, and “sign”, in relation to Stock Deposit Forms, includes the affixing or making
            of a stamped impression of the signature;

2.5.1A Each Registrar Participant must provide HKSCC with a list of authorised persons as its
       Authorised Signatories to give written instructions and messages to HKSCC in connection with
       any matters relating to its participation and operations in a System, including appointing
       personnel to manage access to the System.

2.6     DESIGNATED OFFICER AND ALTERNATE DESIGNATED OFFICER

        Each Participant other than an Investor Participant must designate a person as its Designated
        Officer, and in his absence, an Alternate Designated Officer as being the person to be contacted
        by HKSCC in case of need in respect of matters relating to such Participant's daily operations
        in CCASS and/or other System(s).


                                              Section 3

                      CCASS Terminals/CCASS Internet System/
                            Participant Gateways/RMS
This Section 3 is not applicable to Registrar Participants.

3.5     ACCESS CONTROL OF CCASS TERMINALS AND PARTICIPANT GATEWAYS

3.5.4   Input Transaction Limit of an Authorised User
        The extent to which a particular Authorised User of a Participant can input via a CCASS
        Terminal certain instructions (other than Tender Instructions) into CCASS will be determined
        by the Input Transaction Limit (if any) specified by the Participant for that Authorised User.

        Instructions which can be made subject to Input Transaction Limits are includes:-


                                                    5
        (vi)   Input Recall Requests;

        (vii) Change Cash Compensation Indicators; and

        (viii) Cash Prepayment Instructions; and

        (ix)   USI Transfer Requests.

        Save in the case of SIs, ISIs, and Cash Prepayment Instructions and USI Transfer Requests,
        instructions input into CCASS by an Authorised User of a Participant via a CCASS Terminal
        which exceed his Input Transaction Limit will not be entertained by HKSCC. If an SI, ISI, or
        Cash Prepayment Instruction or USI Transfer Request input into CCASS by an Authorised User
        of a Participant via a CCASS Terminal exceeds his Input Transaction Limit, the respective
        instruction will remain pending the authorisation of another Authorised User of the Participant
        with the necessary Input Transaction Limit. In general, the value of the Eligible Securities
        which are subject to instructions input into CCASS via a CCASS Terminal by an Authorised
        User will be compared with any Input Transaction Limit applicable to him. For further details,
        please see the CCASS Terminal User Guide.


                                              Section 4

                       Back-Up Centre/Customer Service Centre
This Section 4 is not applicable to Registrar Participants.

4.1     INTRODUCTION

4.1.3   Service hours of Back-Up Centre
        The service hours of the Back-Up Centre is are from 9:00 a.m. to 65:00 p.m., Monday to Friday
        (except public holidays) (or such time as HKSCC may determine from time to time).

4.2     CUSTOMER SERVICE CENTRE

4.2.2   Service hours of Customer Service Centre
        The service hours of the Customer Service Centre are between 9:00 a.m. and 65:00 p.m.,
        Monday to Friday (except public holidays) (or such time as HKSCC may determine from time
        to time).


                                              Section 5

                                        Eligible Securities
5.1     SECURITIES ACCEPTED AS ELIGIBLE SECURITIES
        Securities which are listed or admitted to trading on the Exchange, as well as securities which
        are not listed or admitted to trading on the Exchange, may be accepted as Eligible Securities by
        HKSCC. These may include:-

                                                    6
        (v)     provisional allotment letters relating to nil paid rights;



                                              Section 6

                             Operational and Service Schedule
This Section 6 is not applicable to Registrar Participants. Registrar Participants should refer to the
Registrar Participant Manual for the availability of messaging facilities for the transmission of messages
with HKSCC.

6.2     DAILY PROCESSING AND SERVICE SCHEDULE FOR PARTICIPANTS OTHER
        THAN INVESTOR PARTICIPANTS

6.2.1   Daily Processing and Service Schedule in relation to Eligible Securities Other than China
        Connect Securities

        For the purpose of this Section 6.2.1, references to “Eligible Securities” shall mean Eligible
        Securities other than China Connect Securities.

        Time                     CCASS (including Participant Gateway, RMS and report access
                                 facility) events

         7:00 a.m.                Revaluation of General Collateral Inventory

                                  Commencement of RMS for retrieval of reports and data files

        7:15 a.m.                Commencement of the following services and functions through
                                 CCASS Terminal and Participant Gateway where applicable:-

                                 (i) clearing services (SI and ATI/STI upload functions); and

                                 (ii) clearing and settlement services enquiry functions and Enquire
                                      Broadcast Message function.

                                 All previous day’s reports are available for retrieval through
                                 Participant Gateway and the report access facility

        7:30 a.m.                Commencement of USI Transfer Request maintenance and upload
                                 functions

        8:00 a.m.                Commencement of the following services and functions through
                                 CCASS Terminal and Participant Gateway where applicable:-

                                 (i)    clearing services (SI/ISI maintenance and ISI upload functions);

                                 (ii)   ATI/STI and Mass ATI/STI maintenance functions;



                                                    7
            (iii) SSA maintenance and upload functions;

            (iv)   Cash Prepayment Instruction, Cash Prepayment / TSF Payment
                   Standing Instruction, Intra-day Payment Standing Instruction
                   and Nominee Payment (Evening) Standing Instruction
                   maintenance functions;

            (v)    subscription, election, voting instructions, Tender Instructions
                   (except where such day is the tender or application start date)
                   and Corporate Representative / Proxy instructions maintenance
                   functions; and

            (vi)   CA ISO Message Service maintenance functions;

            (vii) Login Deposit/Demat Order maintenance and upload functions;
                  and

            (viii) Stamp Duty Payment Request maintenance functions.

9:00 a.m.   Commencement of the following services and functions through
            CCASS Terminal and Participant Gateway where applicable:-

            (i) [Repealed]

            (ii) Tender Instructions (if such day is the tender or application start
                 date) maintenance function; and

            (iii) Collateral Security maintenance and upload functions.

            First batch of scrip entitlement distribution

            Commencement of ETF bBook -eEntry dDeposit and/ wWithdrawal
            oOrders maintenance functions

9:15 a.m.   Commencement of Unit Creation / Redemption Orders maintenance
            functions

            First SI matching

            First STI Batch-run

9:30 a.m.   Commencement of the following services and functions, through
            CCASS Terminal and Participant Gateway where applicable:-

            (i) settlement services (DI input, input of recall and return request, if
                appropriate);

            (ii) Stock Release Request maintenance functions for TSF CCASS
                 Participants;



                                8
             (iii) [Repealed]depository services (deposits and withdrawals of
                   Eligible Securities by Participants);

             (iv) submission of Transfer Instructions; and

             (v) CCMS services.

             Commencement of CCASS Depository services for delivery and
             collection of certificates

9:45 a.m.    Second batch of scrip entitlement distribution

10:00 a.m.   Second SI matching

             Second STI Batch-run

             First Collateral Security Batch-run

             Commencement of online services through RMS

10:15 a.m.   First TSF Share De-earmarking Process

10:30 a.m.   First Batch-settlement-run

11:00 a.m.   Revaluation of General Collateral Inventory and collateralization of
             intra-day Marks, and (if HKSCC collects intra-day Margin on such
             date which is a Trading day with no Afternoon Session) intra-day
             Margin

             Deadline for inputting subscription instructions which involve the
             collection of subscription monies by CPIs: or where the deadline for
             subscription imposed by the relevant Issuer falls on such day

11:30 a.m.   Third SI matching

             Third batch of scrip entitlement distribution

11:45 a.m.   Second TSF Share De-earmarking Process

12:00 noon   Deadline for inputting election instructions where the deadline for
             election imposed by the relevant Issuer falls on such day

             Deadline for submitting Transfer Instructions to be effected on the
             same day on a delivery versus payment basis in CMU to HKSCC

             Second Batch-settlement-run

12:45 p.m.   Third STI Batch-run

             Second Collateral Security Batch-run


                               9
1:00 p.m. (after)    First batch of Corporate Announcement Master Data File and
                     Corporate Announcement Maintenance Activities Report available

1:15 p.m.            Deadline for inputting Intra-day Payment Standing Instructions in
                     order to have such instructions effected on the same day

1:30 p.m.            Fourth SI matching

                     Fourth batch of scrip entitlement distribution

1:45 p.m.            Third TSF Share De-earmarking Process

2:00 p.m.            Third Batch-settlement-run

                     Deadline for submitting Transfer Instructions to be effected on the
                     same day on a free of payment basis in CMU to HKSCC

                     Deadline for inputting Cash Prepayment Instructions with “CHATS”
                     selected as the payment method

                     Deadline for submitting Tender Instructions to HKSCC in respect of
                     an issue of Government Bonds or CMU Instruments whose application
                     lists close on such day

                     Collateralization of intra-day Margin (if HKSCC collects intra-day
                     Margin on such date which is a normal Trading day)

2:00 p.m. (after)    Final Clearing Statement or FCS in respect of Exchange Trades
                     effected on or reported to the Exchange and Clearing Agency
                     Transactions concluded on previous day, available to Clearing
                     Participants and Clearing Agency Participants

2:30 p.m.            Fifth SI matching

                     Deadline for inputting Cash Prepayment Instructions with “OTHERS”
                     selected as the payment method

2:30 p.m. (around)   Generation of Intra-day Payment Instructions by HKSCC

3:00 p.m.            Close of ETF bBook-e Entry dDeposit and/ wWithdrawal oOrders
                     maintenance functions

3:15 p.m.            Sixth SI matching

                     Fifth batch of scrip entitlement distribution

3:30 p.m.            Fourth STI Batch-run

                     Fourth TSF Share De-earmarking Process

                                       10
                     Deadline for inputting Nominee Payment (Evening) Standing
                     Instruction in order to have the evening distribution of nominee
                     payment to start on the same day, subject to acceptance of the Nominee
                     Payment (Evening) Standing Instruction by HKSCC

3:30 p.m. (after)    Second batch of Corporate Announcement Master Data File and
                     Corporate Announcement Maintenance Activities Report available

3:45 p.m.            Close of clearing and, settlement and depository services (except for
                     enquiry and, report retrieval and collection of securities)

                     Close of CCASS Depository services for delivery of certificates for
                     deposit

                     Close of subscription instruction maintenance functions

                     Close of CCMS stock transfer maintenance service

                     Deadline for the input of Tender Instructions to HKSCC in respect of
                     the issue of Exchange Fund Notes or Specified Instruments, the
                     deadline being two Business Days before the tender date (as specified
                     in the tender notice)

                     Seventh SI matching

                     Final Batch-settlement-run

4:00 p.m.            Close of Stock Release Request maintenance functions for TSF
                     CCASS Participants

4:00 p.m. (after)    Subscription instruction maintenance functions re-open (HKSCC will
                     announce by broadcast message when subscription instruction
                     maintenance functions re-open)

                     Second session of ATI input service commences (HKSCC will
                     announce by broadcast message when the second session of ATI input
                     service is available to Participants) and CCMS stock transfer
                     maintenance services commence

4:05 p.m. (around)   Generation of DDIs, DCIs and EPIs by HKSCC for same day
                     settlement

4:15 p.m.            Deadline for inputting voting instructions and Corporate
                     Representative/Proxy instructions where the deadline prescribed by
                     HKSCC for inputting such instructions falls on such day

                     Sixth batch of scrip entitlement distribution

                     First TSF Share Earmarking Process


                                      11
                    Fifth TSF Share De-earmarking Process

                    Close of Login Deposit/Demat Order upload functions

4:25 p.m.           Close of Unit Creation/ Redemption Orders maintenance functions

5:00 p.m.           Eighth SI matching

                    Close of Login Deposit/Demat Order maintenance functions

                    Close of CCASS Depository services for collection of certificates for
                    withdrawal

5:00 p.m. (after)   Commencement of the second session of clearing services (SI/ISI
                    maintenance and upload) (HKSCC will announce by broadcast
                    message when second session of clearing services is available to
                    Participants)

                    First batch of PCS in respect of Exchange Trades effected on or
                    reported to the Exchange current day available to Clearing Participants
                    and Clearing Agency Participants

                    Fifth STI Batch-run (for STI Transfers to be effected on FOP basis
                    only)

                    Third Collateral Security Batch-run

5:15 p.m.           Seventh batch of scrip entitlement distribution

6:00 p.m.           Close of Collateral Security maintenance and upload functions

                    Final SI matching

                    Eighth batch of scrip entitlement distribution

                    Fourth Collateral Security Batch-run

                    Close of USI Transfer Request upload functions

6:00 p.m. (after)   Settled Position Report and third batch of Corporate Announcement
                    Master Data File and Corporate Announcement Maintenance
                    Activities Report available

7:00 p.m.           Close of SI/ISI maintenance and ISI upload, Cash Prepayment / TSF
                    Payment Standing Instruction maintenance, Intra-day Payment
                    Standing Instruction maintenance, Nominee Payment (Evening)
                    Standing Instruction maintenance, CCMS cash transfer and stock
                    collateral maintenance services and Tender Instructions, subscription,
                    election, voting, Corporate Representative/Proxy instructions


                                     12
                          maintenance functions, and CA ISO Message Service, USI Transfer
                          Request and Stamp Duty Payment Request maintenance functions

                          Deadline for inputting subscription instructions where the deadline for
                          subscription imposed by the relevant Issuer falls on the next Business
                          Day at or before 12:00 noon

                          Ninth batch of scrip entitlement distribution

7:15 p.m. (after)         Revaluation of General Collateral Inventory and collateralization of
                          day-end Marks, and day-end Margin

7:30 p.m.                 Close of ATI/STI maintenance and SI upload functions

                          Online services through RMS close

7:45 p.m.                 Close of Mass ATI/STI maintenance function

8:00 p.m.                 Final batch of scrip entitlement distribution

                          Close of all enquiries, except for CCMS enquiry and Enquire
                          Broadcast Message functions

                          Close of ATI/STI upload functions

8:00 p.m. (after)         Second batch of PCS in respect of Exchange Trades effected on or
                          reported to the Exchange and Clearing Agency Transactions
                          concluded on current day available to Clearing Participants and
                          Clearing Agency Participants

                          Final STI Batch-run (for STI Transfers to be effected on FOP basis
                          only)

8:30 p.m.                 Second TSF Share Earmarking Process

                          CCMS enquiry functions close

8:30 p.m. (around)        Generation of DDIs, DCIs and EPIs by HKSCC for settlement on the
                          next Business Day

9:30 p.m.                 Report retrieval through Participant Gateway and Enquire Broadcast
                          Message function through CCASS Terminal and Participant Gateway
                          close

12:00 a.m.                Report retrieval through RMS and report access facility close

Notes :

(i)       Deposit and withdrawal services for Eligible Securities subject to book-close dates will
          be closed at 12:00 noon and 2:00 p.m. respectively on the last Business Day before the


                                            13
                relevant book-close dates (where no book-close date is announced, HKSCC shall by
                broadcast message announce the cut-off time for deposit and withdrawal services with
                respect to the relevant Eligible Securities). Deposit and withdrawal services for eligible
                Debt Securities subject to CCASS Record Dates will be closed at 12:00 noon and 2:00
                p.m. respectively on the relevant CCASS Record Date.Please see Section 8.2.6 for
                details on the availability of deposit and withdrawal services for Eligible Securities
                subject to book-close dates.


                                              Section 7

                              Depository and Related Services
This Section 7 is not applicable to Registrar Participants.

7.1     CCASS DEPOSITORY SERVICES

7.1.1   Service Hours of CCASS Depository
        The CCASS Depository currently has one a physical outlet to cater for Participants to deliver
        and collect certificates the deposit and withdrawal of Eligible Securities by Participants.

        The service hour of the physical outlet of CCASS Depository is as follows (or such time as
        HKSCC may determine from time to time):-

                Monday to Friday (except public holidays)
                for the delivery of certificatesdeposit of securities: from 9:30 a.m. to 3:45 p.m.
                for the collection of certificatessecurities: from 9:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.

7.2     OPERATING PRINCIPLES

7.2.1   Eligibility for services
        Not all Participants are eligible to make deposits or withdrawals of Eligible Securities into or
        out of the CCASS Depository.

        This service is not generally available to Stock Pledgee Participants. Stock Pledgee Participants
        are not entitled to deposit Eligible Securities into CCASS and only have limited rights of
        withdrawal of Eligible Securities out of CCASS.

        A Stock Pledgee Participant may only withdraw Eligible Securities out of CCASS in the case
        of a default by its counterparty pledgor Participant. In such a case, a Stock Pledgee Participant
        wishing to withdraw relevant Eligible Securities must notify HKSCC in advance and must
        complete a "Stock Pledgee Declaration Form", which is available on HKEX website, for
        submission to HKSCC (see CCASS Terminal User Guide for Participants for the form).

7.2.3   Immediate Credit for deposits of Eligible Securities in certificated form
        Subject to security control vetting measures and HKSCC's right to reject a deposit, Eligible
        Securities in certificated form deposited by a Participant other than an Investor Participant will
        normally be immediately credited to that Participant's Stock Accounts, provided that the
        certificates have been delivered by such Participant and accepted by HKSCC.


                                                   14
        Eligible Securities in certificated form deposited by an Investor Participant will not be credited
        to that Participant's Stock Account until re-registration in the name of the Nominee has been
        completed and either: (i) new share certificates are received from the relevant share securities
        registrar; or (ii) the securities have been converted into uncertificated form, as applicable.
        During the re-registrationsuch period, these Eligible Securities may not be withdrawn or
        transferred to the Stock Accounts of other Participants. However, nominee services from
        HKSCC will be provided in respect of these Eligible Securities to such extent as HKSCC
        considers appropriate.

        In some cases, for risk management purposes, Eligible Securities in certificated form deposited
        by a Participant may not be credited to its Stock Accounts until a later time, eg. upon registration
        of such securities in the name of the Nominee.

7.2.4   Registration in the name of Nominee
        Upon acceptance of Eligible Securities for deposit, such Eligible Securities will normally be
        submitted to the registrars of the issuers of Eligible Securities for re-registration in the name of
        the Nominee and either: (i) the issuance of new certificates: or (ii) the conversion of the
        securities into uncertificated form, as applicable.

7.2.5   Deposits and Wwithdrawals of Eligible Securities in Ccertificateds form
        Participants may, at any time, withdraw Eligible Securities credited to their Stock Accounts,
        other than their Stock Collateral Control Accounts and where the Participants are TSF CCASS
        Participants, other than their TSF Accounts, from CCASS, subject to such conditions and
        restrictions as HKSCC may from time to time impose. Unless otherwise determined by HKSCC
        or provided in the Rules, Participants cannot physically deposit into or withdraw from CCASS
        or an Appointed Depositary via HKSCC Eligible Securities which are uncertificatedscripless
        or issued in global form. Accordingly, physical deposit or withdrawal of China Connect
        Securities into or from CCASS or the relevant China Connect Clearing House is not available
        and Rules relating to the physical deposit and withdrawal of securities in certificated form are
        not applicable to China Connect Securities.

        Participating securities that are held by HKSCC for the account of Participants are recorded in
        computerised form by HKSCC. Withdrawal of participating securities in certificated form from
        the CCASS Depository is not available except where: (i) they are in the process of delisting as
        defined in Rule 2(2) of the USM Rules; or (ii) the Commission has granted an exemption from
        Rule 30 of the USM Rules pursuant to Rule 32 of the USM Rules, and subject to any procedure
        that HKSCC may prescribe from time to time. Participating securities in uncertificated form
        can be deposited or withdrawn via USI Transfer Request (see Section 7.2.5A).

        For the avoidance of doubt, no Eligible Securities can be directly deposited into or withdrawn
        from any Stock Collateral Control Account and any TSF Account.

7.2.5A Deposits and withdrawals of Participating Securities in uncertificated form via USI
       Transfer Requests
       Only Stamp Authorized Persons may effect deposits or withdrawals of participating securities
       in uncertificated form into and out of CCASS by submitting USI Transfer Requests to deposit
       or withdraw such securities into or out of their Stock Accounts in accordance with Section 7.4A.




                                                    15
        Deposits and withdrawals of participating securities in uncertificated form are subject to
        security control vetting measures, affirmation by the counterparty of the legal title transfer of
        securities in connection with the USI Transfer Request and HKSCC's right to reject a USI
        Transfer Request.

        A Stock Pledgee Participant or an Investor Participant wishing to withdraw such securities from
        CCASS, or an Investor Participant wishing to deposit such securities into CCASS, must request
        a Stamp Authorized Person to submit a USI Transfer Request on its behalf.

        For deposits of participating securities in uncertificated form, upon the completion of the USI
        Transfer Request, such securities would be credited to the Stock Account of the Stamp
        Authorized Person. The Investor Participant should make necessary arrangements with the
        Stamp Authorized Person to transfer the deposited securities to its Stock Account.

        For withdrawal of participating securities in uncertificated form, the securities of the Stock
        Pledgee Participant or Investor Participant must be transferred to the Stock Account of the
        Stamp Authorized Person before the USI Transfer Request may be submitted.

        For the avoidance of doubt, no participating securities in uncertificated form can be directly
        deposited into or withdrawn from any Stock Collateral Control Account and any TSF Account.

7.2.7   Compensation for defective Eligible Securities, New Certificates and Old Certificates
        New Certificates refer to certificates representing Eligible Securities which have been
        submitted for registration, or re-issued, in the name of the Nominee since they were last
        deposited into CCASS (or certificates of such Eligible Securities newly issued in the name of
        the Nominee).

        Old Certificates refer to certificates representing Eligible Securities which have not been
        registered or re-issued in the name of the Nominee since they were last deposited into CCASS
        (noting that Old Certificates may already have been in the name of the Nominee).

7.2.10 Authorised persons
       Participants must provide HKSCC with details of the persons authorised to collect certificates
       withdrawn from the CCASS Depository on their behalf.

        Participants must submit to HKSCCCCASS Depository duly completed Stock Collection
        Authorisation Form (which is available on HKEX website)(see CCASS Terminal User Guide
        for Participants for the form) for this purpose.

7.3     PROCEDURES FOR DEPOSIT OF ELIGIBLE SECURITIES IN CERTIFICATED
        FORM

7.3.1   Input or submission of deposit ordersStock Deposit Forms
        A Participant other than an Investor Participant that wishes to deposit Eligible Securities in
        certificated form into CCASS must input a deposit order for such securities electronically via
        its CCASS Terminal, unless otherwise advised by HKSCC from time to time.

        Each deposit order inputted into CCASS by a Participant other than an Investor Participant will
        be assigned a unique number, the “Login Deposit/Demat Order Number”. When inputting such
        deposit order into CCASS by using either the “Deposit/Demat Order” function or


                                                  16
        “Deposit/Demat Order Batch File” function, details of the certificate being certificate numbers
        and name of the certificate holder must be included. For ease of identification, a
        “Deposit/Demat Order Number” will be assigned when a deposit order is accepted by HKSCC,
        and should be quoted by the Participant in all communication with HKSCC relating to such
        deposit order after it has been accepted.

        An Investor Participant that wishes to deposit Eligible Securities in certificated form into its
        Stock Account must submit to the Customer Service Centre a completed a Stock Deposit/Demat
        Form duly signed by the Investor Participant as prescribed in the Operating Guide for Investor
        Participantsfor each type of Eligible Security (other than New Issue Shares) that it intends to
        deposit. Original The Stock Deposit/Demat fForms, which can be obtained from the Customer
        Service CentreCCASS Depository in advance, must be used and must be signed by a person
        authorised by the depositing Participant and in this case, “signed” includes the authorized
        person affixing or making a stamped impression of his signature on the Stock Deposit Forms.
        A “Deposit/Demat Order Number” will then be assigned when a deposit order is accepted by
        HKSCC. HKSCC shall not be required to validate the signature of the person authorised by
        the depositing Investor Participant.

7.3.2   Certificates and transfer documents
        For each deposit order inputted into CCASS by a Participant other than an Investor Participant,
        Certificates for each Eligible Security must be grouped together and details of the certificate
        numbers must be completed on the Stock Deposit Formsuch deposit order, and certificates
        delivered to the CCASS Depository in accordance with Section 7.3.3 (must be grouped in the
        sequence in which they are groupedentered on such order). A Participant other than an Investor
        Participant should ensure that the Login Deposit/Demat Order Number must be included in all
        deposit orders that have yet to be accepted by HKSCC.

        In the case of Investor Participants, details of the certificate numbers must be completed on the
        Stock Deposit/Demat Form, and certificates delivered to the CCASS Depository in accordance
        with Section 7.3.3 must be grouped in the sequence in which they are set out on such form.
        Eligible Securities in certificated form deposited by a Corporate Investor Participant must also
        be accompanied by a certified copy of its board resolution or any other documents as may be
        required by HKSCC authorizing the registration of the Eligible Securities in the name of the
        Nominee and either: (i) the receipt by HKSCC of new certificates from the relevant securities
        registrar; or (ii) the conversion of such securities into uncertificated form, as applicable.

        A Participant should check ensure that all deposits of Eligible Securities in certificated form
        are accompanied by all relevant certificates or evidence of title (duly endorsed as appropriate),
        instruments of transfer (duly executed, endorsed and stamped as appropriate) and such other
        documents, acts or things as may be required by HKSCC.

        Eligible Securities deposited by a Corporate Investor Participant must also be accompanied by
        a certified copy of its board resolution or any other documents as may be required by HKSCC
        authorizing the re-registration of the Eligible Securities in the name of the Nominee.

7.3.3   Submission Deposit of Eligible Securities in certificated form to the CCASS Depository/
        Customer Service CentreStock Deposit Forms
        After submission of a deposit order via CCASS Terminal, a Participant other than an Investor
        Participant should submit the deposit order details, relevant certificates, and other documents
        referred to in Section 7.3.2 to the CCASS Depository.


                                                  17
        In respect of Participants other than Investor Participants depositing Eligible Securities, the
        Eligible Securities will normally be immediately credited to their Stock Accounts in accordance
        with Section 7.2.3, provided that the certificates have been delivered by such Participant and
        accepted by HKSCC. If a Participant fails to deliver the certificates relating to any deposit
        order to the CCASS Depository within three Business Days from the date such deposit order is
        entered into CCASS, such deposit order will be purged from CCASS and the relevant
        Participant will need to submit a new deposit order.

        For each Eligible Security, Aan Investor Participant must submit thea completed Stock
        Deposit/Demat Forms, together with the relevant certificate(s) and accompanying documents
        referred to in Section 7.3.2, to the Customer Service Centrerelevant counters at the CCASS
        Depository. Upon acceptance of the Stock Deposit/Demat Form by HKSCC, the Investor
        Participant will be given a receipt with details of the certificates printed thereon.

        Upon acceptance, a Participant will be given a copy of the relevant Stock Deposit Forms with
        details of the certificates deposited printed thereon.

7.4     PROCEDURES FOR WITHDRAWAL                           OF     ELIGIBLE        SECURITIES          IN
        CERTIFICATED FORM

        This Section 7.4 is only applicable to Eligible Securities in certificated form and does not apply
        to Uncertificated Eligible Securities or participating securities.

7.4.5   Withdrawal of board lots
        The share quantity to be withdrawn must be a board lot or a multiple of a board lot.

        Once a board lot withdrawal order is authorized and accepted by HKSCCthe system, the
        Participant's specified Stock Account will be debited automatically by HKSCCthe system with
        the withdrawal quantity of shares to be withdrawn. Once accepted by HKSCCthe system, the
        withdrawal order cannot be cancelled by the withdrawing Participant.

7.4.6   Withdrawal of odd lots
        The share quantity to be withdrawn must not be a board lot or a multiple of a board lot.

        Once an odd lot withdrawal order is authorized and accepted by HKSCCthe system, the
        withdrawn share quantity to be withdrawn will be recorded as a "withhold" stock balance in the
        stock account of the withdrawing Participant. Such "withhold" stock balance may not be
        utilised by the Participant for any CCASS purposes other than for the odd lot withdrawal order.
        The "withhold" share quantity will be debited from the withdrawing Participant's Stock
        Account when the required odd lot share certificate has been received from the share securities
        registrar after splitting. The withdrawing Participant may not cancel an odd lot withdrawal order
        once such order is authorised and accepted by HKSCCthe system.

7.4.7   Withdrawal of bearer Debt Securities issued in global form
        For withdrawal of both board lots and odd lots of bearer Debt Securities issued in global form,
        the withdrawing Participant is required to provide the CCASS Depository with full details of
        the beneficiary (see Section 7.6(v)). Once the withdrawal order is authorized, the order will be
        withheld by HKSCCthe system awaiting the provision of the beneficiary details from the
        withdrawing Participant. When the beneficiary details are received by the CCASS Depository,


                                                   18
        the order will be accepted by HKSCCthe system, the Participant's specified Stock Account will
        be debited automatically by HKSCCthe system by the amount of the withdrawn quantity of
        Debt Securities to be withdrawn. The Debt Securities certificate will be available for collection
        when the certificate has been received by HKSCC from the sharesecurities registrar or transfer
        agent appointed by the issuer after splitting/registration.

7.4.8   Collection of share certificates
        Certificates relating to a withdrawal order inputted before 2:00 p.m. can normally be collected
        before 5:00 p.m. on the same day (or such time as HKSCC may prescribe). All withdrawal
        orders inputted after 2:00 p.m. will be processed for certificates to be collected on the next
        Business Day (or such time as HKSCC may prescribe). Participants that fail to collect the
        certificates relating to any withdrawal order from the CCASS Depository within two Business
        Days from the date the share certificates are available for collection shall be liable to an
        administrative charge. HKSCC reserves the right to re-credit any such Eligible Securities which
        remain uncollected after the two Business Days period to the Stock Account of the relevant
        Participant and no refund of the withdrawal fee shall be made by HKSCC.

        Participants may input a withdrawal order for Eligible Securities up to 2:00 p.m. (or such other
        time as HKSCC may prescribe) on the last registration day (or such earlier time as HKSCC
        may prescribe)(for submitting transfers of securities in certificated form, as specified by the
        relevant issuer) before the relevant book-close or record date and the request will be processed
        for certificates to be collected thereafter on the same day. Withdrawal orders cannot be inputted
        after 2:00 p.m. on the such last registration day of any Eligible Securities. tTo effect withdrawal
        of such Eligible Securities, withdrawal orders will have to be inputted on the next Business
        Day.

        It is the responsibility of the Participant to produce the Stock Collection Authorisation Form
        with the correct "Withdrawal Order Number" stated thereon at the relevant counter of the
        CCASS Depository in order for the CCASS DepositoryHKSCC to release the certificates of
        the relevant Eligible Securities. The CCASS DepositoryHKSCC has the right to reject any
        request for collection of certificates if the details in the Stock Collection Authorisation Form
        are not complete and/or accurate.

        The authorised representative of the Participant authorised to collect the certificates is required
        to present his identity card to the HKSCC counter staff for checking. HKSCC will on the basis
        of the Stock Collection Authorisation Form submitted by the Participant check to ensure that
        the representative is the authorised person to collect the relevant certificates relating to the
        withdrawal order. The CCASS DepositoryHKSCC will not release any certificates to any
        person if he is not the authorised person specified on the Stock Collection Authorisation Form.

7.4A    PROCEDURES FOR DEPOSIT AND WITHDRAWAL OF PARTICIPATING
        SECURITIES IN UNCERTIFICATED FORM VIA USI TRANSFER REQUEST

        This Section 7.4A is only applicable to deposits and withdrawals of participating securities in
        uncertificated form by Stamp Authorized Persons.

        A Stamp Authorized Person that wishes to deposit or withdraw participating securities in
        uncertificated form into or out of its Stock Account should input a USI Transfer Request into
        CCASS by using either the “USI Transfer Request” function or “USI Transfer Request Batch
        File” function, unless otherwise advised by HKSCC from time to time. The USI Transfer


                                                   19
      Request should include a declaration in the form prescribed by HKSCC from time to time
      stating that the deposit or withdrawal does not involve any change in beneficial interest. A
      Stamp Authorized Person must have in place the measures as set out in Rules 801B or 812A
      prior to making such declaration.

      Deposits and withdrawals of participating securities in uncertificated form are subject to
      security control vetting measures, affirmation by the counterparty of the legal title transfer of
      securities in connection with the USI Transfer Request and HKSCC's right to reject the USI
      Transfer Request.

      Upon HKSCC’s acceptance of the USI Transfer Request, such request, together with the name
      of the Stamp Authorized Person that inputted such request, will be submitted to the Registrar
      Participant of such participating securities for registration. Once a USI Transfer Request is
      accepted by HKSCC, such request may not be cancelled. Upon receipt of a confirmation from
      the relevant Registrar Participant of registration of the participating securities in the name of
      HKSCC or its nominee, HKSCC will credit or debit (as the case may be) such participating
      securities to such Stamp Authorized Person’s Stock Account as follows:-

      (i)    Depositing participating securities in uncertificated form via USI Transfer Request
             (Receipt of such securities by HKSCC)
             Participating securities in uncertificated form deposited by a Stamp Authorized Person
             will not be credited to such person’s Stock Account until HKSCC has received the
             registration confirmation from the relevant Registrar Participant. For the avoidance of
             doubt, CCASS and nominee services will not be available for deposited participating
             securities in uncertificated form for which HKSCC has not received a registration
             confirmation.

      (ii)   Withdrawing participating securities in uncertificated form via USI Transfer Request
             (Delivery of such securities by HKSCC)
             Once a USI Transfer Request for withdrawing participating securities in uncertificated
             form is accepted by HKSCC, the share quantity to be withdrawn will be recorded as
             “withhold” status in stock balance in the Stock Account of the withdrawing Stamp
             Authorized Person. Such “withhold” stock balance may not be utilised by such person
             for any CCASS purposes other than for fulfilling that USI Transfer Request. Upon receipt
             of the registration confirmation from the relevant Registrar Participant, HKSCC will
             debit the “withhold” share quantity from the withdrawing Stamp Authorized Person’s
             Stock Account.

      HKSCC shall notify the Stamp Authorized Person where any of its USI Transfer Requests is
      rejected by the relevant Registrar Participant.

7.5   SECURITY CONTROL

      A complete record of details relating to each deposit and withdrawal of Eligible Securities into
      or out of the CCASS Depository will be retained by the CCASS Depository. The records will
      include details of :-

      (i)    the Participant involved in each deposit (except for New Issue Shares) or withdrawal;

      (ii)   the date of each deposit or withdrawal;


                                                20
      (iii) the quantity and the type of Eligible Securities involved; and

      (iv)   the certificate numbers of the Eligible Securities concerned (except for participating
             securities in uncertificated form).

7.6   FORMS

      Various forms are used in connection with the operation of the CCASS Depository are available
      on HKEX website. The most commonly used forms are referred to below:

      (i)    Stock Deposit Form (see CCASS Terminal User Guide for Participants for the form): this
             is to be used for each deposit of Eligible Securities into CCASS;

      (ii)   Stock Collection Authorisation Form (see CCASS Terminal User Guide for Participants
             for the form): this enables a Participant to notify HKSCC of the persons authorised to
             collect certificates relating to a withdrawal order from the CCASS Depository on its
             behalf;

      (iii) Void Voucher (see CCASS Terminal User Guide for Participants for the form): this will
            normally be sent by the CCASS Depository to a Participant if an error is detected on the
            same day of a deposit or withdrawal by the Participant;

      (iv)   Adjustment Voucher (see CCASS Terminal User Guide for Participants for the form):
             this will normally be sent by the CCASS Depository to a Participant if an adjustment
             needs to be made subsequent to the day of deposit or withdrawal by the Participant (eg.
             data entry error); and

      (v)    Beneficiary Details and Registration Authorisation Form for bearer Debt Securities
             issued in global form (see CCASS Terminal User Guide for Participants for the form):
             this is to be used for each withdrawal of Debt Securities issued in global bearer form from
             CCASS. It is to be used to specify the details of the beneficiary of the certificate to be
             withdrawn.

      Stock Collection Authorisation Forms and Beneficiary Details and Registration Authorisation
      Form for bearer Debt Securities issued in global form are to be signed by the authorised
      signatories of Participants. Stock Deposit Forms are to be signed by persons authorised by the
      Participants and “signed”, in this case, includes the authorized persons affixing or making
      stamped impression of their signatures. Void Vouchers and Adjustment Vouchers will be
      signed by the CCASS Depository.

      Stock Withdrawal Receipt will be issued by the CCASS Depository to a withdrawing
      Participant upon each withdrawal of Eligible Securities (as well as securities entitlements which
      are not Eligible Securities) from CCASS.

7.7   [Repealed]WITHDRAWAL ORDER FUNCTIONS AVAILABLE FOR USE

      Various withdrawal order functions are available for use by Participants other than Investor
      Participants through their CCASS Terminals. To access the relevant withdrawal order, a



                                                 21
        Participant will need to key into its CCASS Terminal the "Login Withdrawal Order Number"
        of such withdrawal order.

        The functions available for use by Participants other than Investor Participants are:

        (i)    "Change Login Withdrawal Order" function: which allows a Participant to change certain
               input data of a pending withdrawal order before it is authorised;

        (ii)   "Delete Login Withdrawal Order" function: which allows a Participant to delete a
               pending withdrawal order before it is authorised;

        (iii) "Enquire Login Withdrawal Order" function: which provides a list screen for a
              Participant to see all of its withdrawal orders at any time up to the date of the collection
              of the certificates relating to the withdrawal order and also enables a Participant to check
              the details and status of its withdrawal orders;

        (iv)   "Authorise Login Withdrawal Order" function: which allows an Authorised User of a
               Participant to authorise a pending withdrawal order; and

        (v)    "Cancel Login Withdrawal Order" function: which allows a Participant to cancel an odd
               lot withdrawal order which has already been authorised, when a Participant does not
               intend to wait for the splitting of relevant Eligible Securities.

        For further details Participants may refer to the relevant section(s) of the CCASS Terminal User
        Guide.

7.8     PURGING OF PENDINGWITHDRAWAL ORDERS

        Pending withdrawal orders may from time to time be purged from CCASS by HKSCC. The
        purging of withdrawals is initiated by HKSCC and not by the Participants.

        PendingDeposit orders, withdrawal orders and USI Transfer Requests which remains in the
        “pending status” will be purged from CCASS three Business Days after their input.

7.9     RELEVANT CCASS REPORTS

7.9.1   Reports available
        VariousTwo reports relating to deposits and withdrawals of securities in certificated and
        uncertificated form orders are available to Participants other than Investor Participants for
        retrieval via CCASS Terminals or Participant Gateways. in CCASS, namely:

        (i)     the Withdrawal Order Audit Trail Report; and

        (ii)    the Withdrawal Order Status Report.

        Both reports are prepared in a pre-defined format and available daily from 8:00 a.m. and relate
        to matters affecting withdrawal orders input on the previous Business Day.

        Withdrawal Orders Audit Trail Report : This report shows details of withdrawal orders input
        activities (including add, change, delete, authorise, and cancel withdrawal orders) of a


                                                   22
        Participant on a Business Day, and lists withdrawal orders that are purged by HKSCC on that
        day in chronological order.

        Withdrawal Orders Status Report : This report lists all withdrawal orders of different status
        (including pending, accepted, withhold, cancel, confirm, ready for collection, shares collected)
        of a Participant as at the end of a Business Day.

        For detailed explanation of the status, please For further details, Participants may refer to the
        CCASS Terminal User Guide.

7.11    FOREIGN SECURITIES

7.11.1 Custodian Services in relation to Foreign Securities
       Most Foreign Securities are certificated and are physically held by an Appointed Depositary.
       (Those Foreign Securities which are uncertificatedscripless or issued in global form are
       represented by book entries in the records of the Appointed Depositary.) HKSCC has an
       account with that Appointed Depositary in order to enable HKSCC to assist the Participant in
       the holding of Foreign Securities and the settling of transactions relating to Foreign Securities.

        Physical deposit of Foreign Securities with the CCASS Depositary is not available. Participants
        that wish to physically deposit Foreign Securities with HKSCC's Appointed Depositary will be
        required to make their own arrangements with a person other than HKSCC who has an account
        with the Appointed Depositary. Foreign Securities which are physically deposited in this
        manner may be transferred to HKSCC's account with the Appointed Depositary if the
        Participant gives a Cross-Border Transfer Instruction for the securities to be so transferred in
        accordance with Sections 9.6A and 12.5.

        Foreign Securities may be credited to and debited from a Participant's Stock Account as a result
        of (a) clearing and settlement of Exchange Trades relating to Foreign Securities, (b) clearing
        and settlement of Cross-Border Transfer Instructions and (c) the provision of any other service
        by HKSCC in relation to Foreign Securities to the Participant.

        Save as otherwise provided in the Rules, HKSCC acknowledges and confirms that it has no
        proprietary interest in Foreign Securities to the extent they are credited to the Stock Account of
        a Participant.

        HKSCC does not guarantee title to any Foreign Securities which is evidenced by any certificate
        which is physically withdrawn on the instructions of a Participant and is subsequently re-
        registered in the name of a beneficiary. Participants that wish to withdraw certificated Foreign
        Securities from an Appointed Depositary via HKSCC must submit to HKSCC a completed and
        signed prescribed form as set out in the CCASS Terminal User Guide for Participants. Physical
        withdrawal of Foreign Securities which are uncertificated scripless or issued in global form
        from an Appointed Depositary via HKSCC is not available.

        In relation to Foreign Securities which are credited to a Participant's Stock Account, that
        Participant covenants, represents and warrants to HKSCC that :-

        (i)     in the case of a certificated security, (a) the certificate is genuine and has not been
                materially altered; (b) the Participant does not know of any fact that might impair the



                                                   23
                validity of the security; (c) there is no adverse claim to the security; and (d) there is no
                restriction on the transfer of such certificated security;

        (ii)    in the case of an uncertificatedscripless security, (a) there is no adverse claim to the
                security; and (b) there is no restriction on the transfer of such uncertificatedscripless
                security;

7.14    UNCERTIFICATED ELIGIBLE SECURITIES

7.14.1 Custodian Services in relation to Uncertificated Eligible Securities (other than China
       Connect Securities)
       For the purposes of this Section 7.14.1, references to “Uncertificated Eligible Securities” shall
       not include China Connect Securities.

        Uncertificated Eligible Securities are held by HKSCC for the account of Participants recorded
        in computerized form by the CCASS Depository.

        Where Uncertificated Eligible Securities of Participants are held through HKSCC in any
        manner, each Participant covenants, represents and warrants to HKSCC that:-

        (a) it shall not raise any claims (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) against HKSCC arising
           from or relating to any form of tax, duty, fine or penalty imposed or levied on or in respect
           of the Uncertificated Eligible Securities under any applicable law or regulation, whether or
           not HKSCC is involved in any tax collection, withholding or related arrangement; and

        (b) unless HKSCC otherwise agrees, it shall only give voting or other instructions to HKSCC
           and not directly to the Overseas Issuer or its principal or branch sharesecurities registrar (if
           any).

7.15    CHINA CONNECT SECURITIES

7.14.215.1       Custodian Services in relation to China Connect Securities
        China Connect Securities are uncertificatedscripless securities. Physical deposit of China
        Connect Securities with and physical withdrawal of China Connect Securities from CCASS or
        the relevant China Connect Clearing House is not available. Accordingly, Rules relating to the
        physical deposit and withdrawal of securities are not applicable to China Connect Securities.


                                               Section 8

                                         Nominee Services
        This Section 8 is not applicable to Registrar Participants.

8.2     GENERAL PRINCIPLES

8.2.2   HKSCC's role
        HKSCC's role as provider of nominee services (i) in relation to the four broad categories of
        corporate actions or activities affecting Eligible Securities and (ii) insofar as Eligible Securities


                                                    24
        other than China Connect Securities are concerned, in relation to (a) Electronic Application
        Instructions for New Issue Shares, (b) Tender Instructions and (c) electronic applications for
        issue and redemption of Units can be summarised as follows:-

        (i) Announcement/communication: this refers to announcements by issuers or Depositaries of
            Eligible Securities (eg. declarations of dividends or announcements of notifiable
            transactions) or announcements by third parties affecting holders of Eligible Securities (eg.
            announcements of take-over offers) as well as the distribution of corporate communications
            by the issuers of Eligible Securities other than China Connect Securities to holders of those
            Eligible Securities other than China Connect Securities and by Depositaries (eg. release of
            annual reports, circulars to shareholders containing details of notifiable transactions etc.).
            Here, the role of HKSCC as provider of nominee services to Participants will be to
            endeavour to bring the relevant matters to the attention of the Participants concerned or to
            arrange for the distribution of copies of relevant corporate communications to Participants;

        (ii) Voting: this refers to actions or activities affecting Eligible Securities that are to be voted
             upon by the holders of those Eligible Securities. Here, the role of HKSCC will be to
             endeavour (a)(i) to obtain the instructions of Participants and, where applicable,
             instructions of SSA Statement Recipients in relation to the Eligible Securities in SSA with
             Statement Service for the account of Clearing Participants or Custodian Participants, (b)(ii)
             to vote, (c)(iii) if appropriate, to make a demand for poll on their behalf, and (d)(iv) where
             the applicable laws, rules or regulations or the constitutional documents of the relevant
             Overseas Issuer or issuer so permit or require, to appoint persons nominated by Participants
             and, where applicable, by SSA Statement Recipients as aforesaid to attend meetings
             directly,. In respect of Uncertificated Securities, this refers to or may include and (e) (where
             applicable or where the applicable laws, rules or regulations or the constitutional documents
             of the relevant Overseas Issuer or issuer so permit or require), HKSCC to communicateing
             or passing on any voting or other instructions, proxy nominations or appointments or all
             other authorizations, declarations, requests or information received from Participants and,
             where applicable, from SSA Statement Recipients to the relevant Overseas Issuer or issuer
             or its authorized agents or representatives including the Overseas Issuer or issuer’s
             principal or branch sharesecurities registrar. Notwithstanding the foregoing, HKSCC shall
             not be obliged to communicate, vote or take any action on behalf of Participants or their
             SSA Statement Recipients where communication, voting or the taking of action must be
             performed in person at a place outside of Hong Kong instead of by facsimile or electronic
             means.

8.2.4   Entitlements of Participants
        In case of any holding of the relevant Eligible Securities deposited or credited prior to or on the
        last registration day before book close or record date is subsequently found to be defective,
        adjustments to the entitlements of Participants will have to be made.

        Adjustments may be made to a Participant’s entitlement in respect of participating securities in
        certificated form that are deposited and credited to the Participant’s Stock Account during the
        period (i) after 12:00 noon (or such other time as HKSCC may prescribe) on the last registration
        day (for submitting transfers of securities in certificated form, as specified by the relevant issuer)
        before the relevant book-close or record date, and (ii) before the commencement of the book-
        close period or on or before the record date of the relevant corporate action. Without prejudice
        to the generality of the foregoing, the Participant shall be responsible and accountable for any
        entitlement accruing to such securities, and HKSCC shall be entitled to recover such entitlement


                                                    25
        from the Participant, including by adjusting the instruction quantity submitted by the Participant
        to reflect such entitlements, deducting from the Participant’s total entitlement balance an
        amount or number of securities representing such entitlement, or by requiring the Participant to
        deposit a number of securities or pay an amount, in each case representing such entitlement.
        The procedures for adjustment of entitlement as set out in this Section, or as may be notified
        by HKSCC from time to time, shall be binding on Participants.

        In respect of any negative stock balance in the Stock Accounts of a Clearing Participant or
        Clearing Agency Participant as at the date on which entitlements of Participants relating to
        corporate actions affecting an Eligible Security are determined by HKSCC, the entitlements
        accruing to such negative stock balance will be offset against the entitlements, if any, which
        would otherwise accrue to any outstanding long stock position of that Clearing Participant or
        Clearing Agency Participant in the same Eligible Security under the CNS System. Otherwise,
        a Participant other than an Investor Participant with a negative balance in its Stock Account
        will be dealt with in substantially the same way as Clearing Participants or Clearing Agency
        Participants with outstanding short stock positions under the CNS System (see Section 10.9).

8.2.5   Right to entitlements
        HKSCC's ability to provide nominee services to Participants often depends on whether or not
        HKSCC or the appropriate Appointed Depositary has received deposit of the Eligible Securities
        prior to or on the last registration day before the relevant book-close or record date to enable
        HKSCC or the appropriate Appointed Depositary to arrange to have Eligible Securities
        registered in the name of the Nominee or the appropriate Appointed Depositary or its nominee
        in time for the relevant corporate actions or activities (or for other administrative purposes as
        in the case of Eligible Securities issued in bearer form). The time limits for deposits and
        withdrawals of Eligible Securities are set out in Section 8.2.6.

8.2.6   Time limits for deposits and withdrawals
        If Participants wish to participate in corporate actions or activities affecting Eligible Securities
        (other than Foreign Securities) through CCASS, they must:-

        (i)     in the case of securities in certificated form, deposit the relevant Eligible Securities
                must usually be deposited into CCASS at the latest by, 12:00 noon (or such other time
                as HKSCC may prescribe) on the last registration day (for submitting transfers of
                securities in certificated form, as specified by the relevant issuer) before the relevant
                book-close or record date (or such earlier time as HKSCC may prescribe); or

        (ii)    in the case of participating securities in uncertificated form, submit a USI Transfer
                Request for deposit (through a Stamp Authorized Person if the Participant is not one)
                to CCASS on or before 1:30 p.m. (or such other time as HKSCC may prescribe) on the
                last registration day (for submitting transfers of securities in uncertificated form, as
                specified by the relevant issuer) before the relevant book-close or record date.

        Participants wishing to make their own arrangements should withdraw the relevant Eligible
        Securities from CCASS as soon as possible and, must in any event,:-

        (i)     in the case of securities in certificated form, withdraw the relevant Eligible Securities
                from CCASS before 2:00 p.m. (or such other time as HKSCC may prescribe) on the
                last registration day (for submitting transfers of securities in certificated form, as



                                                    26
                specified by the relevant issuer) before the relevant book-close date or record date (or
                such earlier time as HKSCC may prescribe); or

        (ii)    in the case of participating securities in uncertificated form, submit a USI Transfer
                Request for withdrawal (through a Stamp Authorized Person if the Participant is not
                one) to CCASS on or before 1:30 p.m. (or such other time as HKSCC may prescribe)
                on the last registration day (for submitting transfers of securities in uncertificated form,
                as specified by the relevant issuer) before the relevant book-close or record date.

        Timely completion of any deposit or withdrawal of participating securities in uncertificated
        form will be subject to affirmation by the counterparty of the legal title transfer of securities in
        connection with the USI Transfer Request, and the completion of registration by the relevant
        Registrar Participant.

        On the last registration Business Dday (for submitting transfers of securities in certificated form,
        as specified by the relevant issuer) before the relevant corporate action effective date or book-
        close date or record date (or such other time as may be prescribed by HKSCC), no deposit and
        or withdrawal of relevant Eligible Securities in certificated form by Participants will normally
        be accepted by HKSCC after 12:00 noon and 2:00 p.m. (or such other time as HKSCC may
        prescribe) respectively on that day.

8.6     VOTING

8.6.2   General procedures
        Normally, HKSCC will, based on the procedures described below, consolidate voting
        instructions from Participants and submit them to the relevant issuer or its authorized agents or
        representativesand either submit one combined proxy form appointing the chairman of the
        relevant meeting to vote on the Nominee's behalf or send its own representatives to attend and
        vote at such a meeting, in each case, in accordance with the instructions of Participants
        concerned. In additional, HKSCC will, based on the procedures described below, appoint a
        person nominated by the Participant to attend and vote at such the relevant meeting, either as a
        proxy or as one of the Nominee's representatives. In determining whether a representative or a
        proxy will be appointed, HKSCC will refer to the constitutional documents of the issuer of the
        Eligible Securities, the proceedings of the relevant meeting and applicable laws. In respect of
        Uncertificated Securities other than China Connect Securities, (where applicable and where the
        applicable laws, rules or regulations or the constitutional documents of the Overseas Issuer or
        issuer so permit or require), HKSCC will communicate or pass on any voting or other
        instructions, proxy nominations or appointments or other authorizations, declarations, requests
        or information received from the Participants to the Overseas Issuer or its authorized agents or
        representatives including the Overseas Issuer’s principal or branch share registrar. In respect of
        China Connect Securities HKSCC may (where applicable and where the applicable laws, rules
        or regulation or constitutional documents of the issuer so permit or require), HKSCC will
        communicate or pass on any voting or other instructions, proxy nominations or appointments
        or other authorizations, declarations, requests or information received from Participants to the
        issuer or its authorized agents or representatives. Notwithstanding the foregoing, HKSCC shall
        not be obliged to communicate, vote or take any action on behalf of Participants or their SSA
        Statement Recipients where communication, voting or the taking of action by facsimile or
        electronic means is unavailable and must be performed in person at a place outside of Hong
        Kong.



                                                    27
        Normally, for meetings held in Hong Kong and where the constitutional documents of the issuer
        of the Eligible Securities, the proceedings of the relevant meeting and applicable laws allow
        more than one corporate representative to be appointed by HKSCC to attend and vote at the
        meeting, the deadline prescribed by HKSCC on Participants for the giving of instructions is
        one Business Day before the relevant meeting day. Otherwise, tThe deadline prescribed by
        HKSCC on Participants for the giving of instructions will be on a day which in the opinion of
        HKSCC would enable it to have sufficient time to submit or pass on any voting or other
        instructions, proxy nominations or appointments or other authorizations, declarations, requests
        or information received from Participants to the issuer or its authorized agents or
        representativesthe proxy form or the consolidated voting instruction or the relevant document
        for appointment of corporate representative, as the case may be, to the designated place of the
        issuer of the Eligible Securities or its authorized agent or representatives including the issuer’s
        principal or branch share registrar by the stipulated time. For the avoidance of doubt, the
        deadlines prescribed by HKSCC on Participants for the giving of instructions are also
        applicable to the giving of instructions by SSA Statement Recipients for the account of
        Participants.

8.6.3   Corporate actions subject to book-close period or record date

        If voting is required in respect of corporate actions or activities which are subject to a book-
        close period or a record date for determining entitlements, the following procedures will
        normally apply:-

        (vii) where appropriate instructions have been received by HKSCC from a Participant and
              HKSCC has not received further instructions from the Participant to change the original
              instruction before the stated deadline (as specified in Section 8.6.2 above), HKSCC will
              complete and submit a proxy form or a letter of appointment of corporate representatives
              to appoint the Participant or the person nominated by the Participant to attend and vote
              at the meeting at his/her discretion, as the case may be, unless the Participant specifically
              inputs instructions to HKSCC to vote in respect of the holding of Eligible Securities to
              which the proxy form relates by submitting the prescribed form at the Customer Service
              Centre or via a CCASS Terminal, as the case may be, in which case the proxy will have
              already indicated his/her voting preference. In respect of Uncertificated Securities (where
              applicable or where the applicable laws, rules or regulations so permit or require),
              HKSCC will communicate or pass on any voting or other instructions, proxy nominations
              or appointments or all other authorizations, declarations, requests or information received
              from Participant to the Overseas Irelevant issuer or its authorized agents or
              representatives including the Issuer’s principal or branch share registrar.

8.8     BONUS ISSUES OF SECURITIES

8.8.5   Scripless entitlements and other non-Eligible Securities entitlements
        Where any scripless entitlements (other than participating securities in uncertificated form) or
        other non-Eligible Securities entitlements accrue to any Eligible Securities other than China
        Connect Securities, HKSCC may arrange for such scripless and other non-Eligible Securities
        entitlements to be distributed directly by the issuer to the Participants entitled thereto. HKSCC
        shall be authorized to provide the issuer with such information relating to the relevant
        Participants to facilitate the direct distribution of such entitlements to the Participants. Where
        any non-Eligible Securities entitlements accrue to any China Connect Securities, HKSCC may
        make such arrangements as referred to in Section 8.8.3(v).


                                                   28
8.10    RIGHTS ISSUES BY ISSUERS OF ELIGIBLE SECURITIES (OTHER THAN CHINA
        CONNECT SECURITIES AND OTHER SCRIPLESS SECURITIES)

8.10.1 General
       Implementation of rights issues by issuers of Eligible Securities may involve several different
       stages including the initial announcements, approval by holders of Eligible Securities (if
       necessary), etc. This Section is only concerned with the following aspects of a rights issue by
       an issuer of Eligible Securities other than China Connect Securities and other scripless
       securities:-

        (i) the collection and distribution of nil paid rights which may be represented by provisional
             allotment letters (PALs);

8.10.3 Provisional allotment letters relating to nNil paid rights treated as Eligible Securities
        Provisional allotment letters relating to nNil paid rights will be accepted by HKSCC as Eligible
        Securities and Exchange Trades in such Eligible Securities effected by Participants will be
        settled under the CNS System in CCASS throughout the life cycle of their trading.

8.10.4 Procedures
       The following procedures will usually apply :-

        (iii) shortly after the announcements of the relevant corporate actions or activities, HKSCC
              will generate two "Corporate Announcements" via CCASS Terminals and the CCASS
              Internet System under which the relevant Participants subscribe for rights shares and/or
              excess rights shares through HKSCC. Unless the offer document specifically provides
              otherwise, only Participants that are entitled to or to whom provisional allotment letters
              relating to such nil paid rights have been issued may apply for excess shares;

        (xi) [Repealed]Participants will be able to withdraw their PALs at any time up to one week
             after the last subscription date (unless otherwise informed by HKSCC) from the CCASS
             Depository; and

        (xii) in the case of rights issues accruing to Foreign Securities, Participants that do not wish to
              subscribe for rights shares may instruct HKSCC to sell such entitlements. Upon receipt of
              written instructions by HKSCC on or before the deadline stipulated by HKSCC, HKSCC
              may on behalf of the Participants instruct agents to assist HKSCC to dispose of the relevant
              entitlements on or off market. HKSCC shall make only one attempt to dispose of the
              relevant entitlements, and normally on the first trading day of the relevant entitlements, at
              what it determines to be the prevailing market price and terms available. HKSCC shall
              incur no liability if it acts in good faith relating to the disposal. Upon receipt of the net
              proceeds by HKSCC, HKSCC will as soon as practicable arrange for payments to be made
              to the relevant Participants following deduction of any amounts due by the Participants to
              HKSCC including any transaction costs and charges. If the disposal of the entitlements is
              unsuccessful, HKSCC will inform the relevant Participants and shall not be obliged to take
              any further action in respect of the entitlements; and

        (xiii) where any subscription under a rights issue of an issuer involves the distribution of non-
              Eligible Securities, such distribution will be dealt with by HKSCC in the same way as



                                                   29
             described in Section 8.8.5 for scripless entitlements and other non-Eligible Securities
             entitlements where applicable.

8.10A RIGHTS ISSUES RELATING TO CHINA CONNECT SECURITIES, OTHER
      SCRIPLESS SECURITIES AND NON-ELIGIBLE SECURITIES

8.10A.1 General
       From time to time, rights issues may be made by issuers of China Connect Securities, other
       scripless securities and non-Eligible Securities to holders of such securities to subscribe for new
       shares. Sections 8.10A.2 and 8.10A.3 are concerned with rights issues by issuers of China
       Connect Securities to Participants holding such China Connect Securities through HKSCC and
       Section 8.10A.4(xiii) is concerned with rights issues by issuers of other scripless securities or
       non-Eligible Securities.

8.10A.4 [Repealed]Other scripless securities and non-Eligible Securities
       Where any subscription under a rights issue involves scripless securities (other than China
       Connect Securities) or non-Eligible Securities, such rights issue will be dealt with by HKSCC
       in the same way as described in Section 8.8.5 for scripless entitlements and other non-Eligible
       Securities entitlements where applicable.

8.11    OPEN OFFERS RELATING TO ELIGIBLE SECURITIES OTHER THAN CHINA
        CONNECT SECURITIES

8.11.1 General
       An open offer is an offer to existing holders of securities to subscribe for further securities. An
       open offer is similar to a rights issue in that it is usually also made to the holders of securities
       on a pro-rata basis (although this is not necessarily the case). The difference, however, is that,
       unlike a rights issue, no renounceable document of title (eg. PALs) will be issued and, therefore,
       no trading in respect of the rights conferred by the offerthereof can be effected.

8.14    SUB-DIVISIONS, CONSOLIDATIONS ETC.

8.14.1 General
       For convenience, the existing Eligible Securities prior to a sub-division, a consolidation or a
       stock conversion will be referred to in this Section as "Old Shares". The new Eligible Securities
       as a result of a sub-division, a consolidation or a stock conversion will be referred to as "New
       Shares". As explained later, wWhere the Eligible Securities are subject to parallel trading
       arrangements, the certificates originally for the Old Shares will be deemed to represent the New
       Shares temporarily for the purposes of facilitating trading in the New Shares. For convenience,
       such original certificatesthe shares traded and recorded under the temporary trading counter are
       referred to as “Temporary Shares”.

        The aim of HKSCC is to minimize the need for Participants with holdings in Eligible Securities
        subject to sub-divisions, consolidations or stock conversions, to have to exchange original
        certificates representing Old Shares, for new certificates representing New Shares at the
        registrars concerned, and also to minimize the inconvenience to such Participants with respect
        to parallel trading arrangements that may be in place.

8.14.2 Parallel trading



                                                    30
        In the case of a sub-division, a consolidation or a stock conversion affecting Eligible Securities
        which are subject to parallel trading on the Exchange, typically, the following stages are
        involved:-

        (i)    the last trading day of the Old Shares will be the day before the effective date of the sub-
               division, consolidation or stock conversion;

        (ii)   on the effective date of the sub-division, consolidation or stock conversion, a temporary
               trading counter for the Temporary Shares (i.e. original certificates for the Old Shares
               which are deemed to represent the New Shares) will be established on the Exchange to
               cater for dealing in the New Shares before new certificates representing them are readily
               available;

        (iii) thereafter, usually in about two weeks, a new trading counter for the New Shares
              (represented by new certificates) will be established on the Exchange;

        (iv)   for a period of time, trading in the New Shares will be effected separately at two trading
               counters on the Exchange, as referred to in paragraphs (ii) and (iii) above and hence the
               term "parallel trading"; and

        (v)    parallel trading will cease when the temporary trading counter for the Temporary Shares
               is closed on the Exchange; and.

        (vi)   [Repealed]usually from the time of the effective date of a sub-division, a consolidation,
               or a stock conversion until some specified time after the end of the parallel trading period,
               holders of original certificates representing Old Shares (or Temporary Shares) will be
               able to exchange such certificates for new certificates representing New Shares free of
               charge.

        The Old Shares, the Temporary Shares and the New Shares will all be assigned stock codes by
        the Exchange and typically, the final stock code assigned by the Exchange to the New Shares
        will be the same stock code originally used for the Old Shares. HKSCC will normally adopt the
        same stock codes used by the Exchange for CCASS purposes.

8.14.5 Deposits and withdrawals of Eligible Securities in certificated form
       Unless otherwise approved by HKSCC, the deposits and withdrawals of original certificates
       representing Old Shares into or out of CCASS by the delivery by Participants of any original
       certificates representing such shares will not normally be accepted by HKSCC from two
       Settlement Days after the end of the relevant parallel trading period (where the Eligible
       Securities are subject to parallel trading arrangements) or the date from which the certificates
       of Old Shares will cease to be valid for delivery, trading and settlement purpose or otherwise
       as set forth in the issuer’s circular, as the case may be. Participants will then have to submit
       such original certificates to the registrars of issuers of Eligible Securities to exchange them for
       certificates for the New Shares or, in the case of participating securities, new uncertificated
       holdings representing the New Shares.

        Save as mentioned and subject to availability, withdrawals by Participants of Old Shares,
        Temporary Shares and New Shares in certificated form will be allowed at any time.




                                                    31
        This Section 8.14.5 applies without prejudice to Section 7.2.5 (regarding the restrictions on
        withdrawing participating securities from CCASS in certificated form) and Section 7.2.5A
        (regarding the deposit and withdrawal of securities in uncertificated form into and out of
        CCASS).

8.14.5A Deposits and withdrawals of participating securities in uncertificated form via USI
       Transfer Request
       For participating securities in uncertificated form, any USI Transfer Request outstanding on the
       Business Day prior to the effective date of the sub-division, consolidation or stock conversion
       may be cancelled or rejected by the relevant Registrar Participant. A Stamp Authorized Person
       may re-submit a USI Transfer Request after such effective date.

8.18A ELECTRONIC APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS FOR NEW ISSUE SHARES

8.18A.2 General – application instruction
        A Participant which is a FINI CP User may give Electronic Application Instructions for New
        Issue Shares to HKSCC via FINI (a) to cause the Nominee to apply for New Issue Shares on
        its behalf and (b) to arrange payment and (where applicable) refund of application money.
        Where any such Electronic Application Instructions for New Issue Shares are given by a
        Participant to make application for New Issue Shares, the Participant is deemed to have
        agreed to the following:-

          (xi)    the Participant authorizes the Issuer, in respect of the New Issue Shares allocated to it,
                  (a) to issue the shares certificates in the name of the Nominee and; (b) unless such
                  shares are participating securities in uncertificated form at the time of their issue, to
                  issue certificates in the name of the Nominee and to deliver the same to the CCASS
                  Depository service counter before the time specified by HKSCC or the Nominee on the
                  day the certificates are to be despatched in accordance with the Prospectus;

8.18A.3 Optional use of BCAN as a client identifier
        A Participant which is a FINI CP User may use BCAN as a client identifier when giving
        Electronic Application Instructions for New Issue Shares via FINI, in which case it must
        ensure (and, if the BCAN is assigned by the Participant’s affiliate or client which is an
        intermediary (as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance) to its underlying client,
        procure such affiliate or intermediary client to ensure) that express prior written consent is
        obtained for the following:-

         (i)     the provision of the BCAN to HKSCC allowing HKSCC to retrieve the corresponding
                 CID from the Exchange;

         (ii) HKSCC’s processing and storage of the CID and transfer of the CID to the Issuer’s
              sharesecurities registrar to enable HKSCC and/or the Issuer’s sharesecurities registrar to
              verify that the client has not made any multiple applications for the relevant subscription
              for New Issue Shares and to facilitate balloting and settlement; and

         (iii) HKSCC’s processing and storage of the CID and transfer of the CID to the Issuer, the
               Issuer’s sharesecurities registrar, the Commission, the Exchange and any other party
               involved in the New Issue for the purposes of processing the client’s application for the
               relevant subscription for New Issue Shares, or any other purpose set out in the Prospectus.



                                                     32
8.20    ELECTRONIC APPLICATIONS FOR THE ISSUE AND REDEMPTION OF UNITS
        AND BOOK-ENTRY DEPOSIT OR WITHDRAWAL OF UNITS

8.20.2 Issue of Units
       The following procedures will usually apply provided that where the underlying securities of
       Units are non-Eligible Securities, HKSCC may not be responsible for the transfer of such
       underlying securities for the issue of Units and the following procedures relating to the debiting
       of underlying securities by CCASS may not apply:-

         (vi)   If HKSCC receives certificates representing Units created or, in respect of Units that are
                scripless or issued in uncertificatedglobal form, written confirmation from the manager
                or trustee of the relevant Exchange Traded Fund confirming successful creation of the
                relevant number of Units at or before 3:45 p.m. on any Business Day, HKSCC will cause
                the Units to be credited to the Stock Accounts designated in the Debit and Credit
                Authorization Forms or the form(s) specified by HKSCC of the relevant Participants
                (other than Investor Participants) after 3:45 p.m. on the same day. Otherwise, such
                crediting will be carried out on the following Business Day. Nothing in this paragraph
                shall be construed as the giving of a guarantee for same day settlement on the part of
                HKSCC.

8.22    UNCLAIMED ENTITLEMENTS

8.22.2 A Participant other than Investor Participant wishing to claim such unclaimed benefits must
       apply in the form prescribed by HKSCC from time to time and must provide HKSCC with
       satisfactory proof to the effect that the Participant is entitled to the unclaimed benefits being
       claimed. Normally, such Participant will have to provide HKSCC with a certified copy of the
       relevant Stock Withdrawal Receipt, a certified copy of the relevant purchase contract notes or
       statement showing the relevant purchase transaction details, certified copies of the relevant
       certificates, certified copies of the relevant transfer deeds, a certified copy of the relevant
       registrars' transfer receipts with certificate numbers printed thereon, original letter from the
       beneficial owner claiming the entitlement and a letter of indemnity, in a form acceptable to
       HKSCC (available on HKEX websitesee the CCASS Terminal User Guide for Participants),
       issued by the Participant.

        Where such Participant is unable to provide HKSCC with any of the above required documents,
        HKSCC may entertain a claim for unclaimed benefits subject to the Participant providing
        HKSCC with (i) a satisfactory explanation as to why any one or more of such documents cannot
        be provided; (ii) confirmation from the relevant registrar of the non-registration and/or
        registration of the withdrawn certificates together with details of the transferee as the case may
        be; HKSCC may obtain such confirmation upon request from the Participant concerned who
        will be responsible for any charges incurred; and (iii) if so requested by HKSCC, a letter of
        indemnity, in a form acceptable to HKSCC (available on HKEX websitesee the CCASS
        Terminal User Guide for Participants), issued by the Participant and endorsed by a licensed
        bank or (subject to the prior approval of HKSCC and in a form acceptable to HKSCC) a third
        party Participant as guarantor. A handling charge will be charged by HKSCC through the
        generation of an EPI.

8.22.3 An Investor Participant wishing to claim the unclaimed benefits must apply in the form
       prescribed by HKSCC from time to time and must provide HKSCC with satisfactory proof to
       the effect that such Investor Participant is entitled to the unclaimed benefits being claimed.


                                                   33
       HKSCC will only entertain claims made by Investor Participants who have obtained transfer of
       the certificates out of the name of HKSCC Nominees Limited into their own names.

       Normally, an Investor Participant must provide HKSCC with certified copies of the relevant
       Stock Withdrawal Receipt, the relevant purchase contract notes (or statement showing the
       relevant purchase transaction details), the relevant certificates, the transfer deeds and the
       relevant registrars' confirmation of the non-registration and/or registration of the withdrawn
       certificates together with details of the transferee. HKSCC may obtain such confirmation upon
       request from the Investor Participant concerned who will be responsible for any charges
       incurred. Both the name of the purchaser and the transferee should be the same as the name of
       the Investor Participant concerned.

       Where an Investor Participant is unable to provide HKSCC with any of the above required
       documents, HKSCC may entertain a claim for unclaimed benefits subject to the Investor
       Participant providing HKSCC with (i) a satisfactory explanation as to why any one or more of
       such documents cannot be provided; (ii) confirmation from the relevant registrar of that the re-
       registration of the securities in the name of the Investor Participant has been completed;
       HKSCC may obtain such confirmation upon request from the Investor Participant concerned
       who will be responsible for any charges incurred; and (iii) if so requested by HKSCC, a letter
       of indemnity, in a form acceptable to HKSCC (available on HKEX websitesee the CCASS
       Terminal User Guide for Participants), issued by the Investor Participant and endorsed by a
       license bank. A handling charge will be charged by HKSCC by way of DDI.


                                            Section 8A

       Registrar Participants’ Access to or Use of Messaging Facilities
8A.1     ACCESS TO OR USE OF MESSAGING FACILITIES

         This Section 8A applies to Registrar Participants and is in relation to participating securities
         registered or to-be-registered in the name of HKSCC or its nominee.

         Registrar Participants shall establish a linkage with HKSCC according to the Registrar
         Participant Manual to access and use messaging facilities provided by HKSCC to facilitate
         the transmission of messages between Registrar Participants, acting as the agent of the
         relevant issuer or offeror of participating securities, and HKSCC or its nominee.

         Registrar Participants shall access and use such messaging facilities in accordance with the
         Registrar Participant Manual. Without prejudice to the foregoing, Registrar Participants shall
         transmit authenticated messages using such messaging facilities to HKSCC or its nominee,
         and process authenticated messages received from HKSCC or its nominee through such
         messaging facilities, in accordance with the timing and schedule set out in the Registrar
         Participant Manual.

         Registrar Participants shall communicate with HKSCC or its nominee through such
         messaging facilities unless it is not practicable to do so and/or where an alternative
         arrangement has been agreed with HKSCC or its nominee from time to time. In the event
         that such messaging facilities cannot be used or accessed by a Registrar Participant, the


                                                  34
       Registrar Participant may submit such messages in accordance with the alternative means
       and procedures specified in the Registrar Participant Manual.

       Generally, the messaging facilities shall be available to Registrar Participants between the
       hours of 7:00 a.m. and 11:59 p.m., Monday to Friday (except public holidays). The
       availability of the messaging facilities under severe weather conditions shall be as set out in
       the Registrar Participant Manual. Notwithstanding the foregoing, HKSCC has the right to
       prescribe and change the general hours of or suspend the messaging facilities from time to
       time. HKSCC shall give Registrar Participants notice of such change or suspension where
       reasonably practicable.

8A.2   OPERATIONAL WORKFLOWS

       Registrar Participants shall, through messaging facilities provided by HKSCC, send or
       receive messages in relation to participating securities for which they are providing securities
       registrar services, including but not limited to the following:-

         (i)    dematerialisation requests and/or registration of transfer requests or securities
                movement requests (such as requests in relation to securities repurchased by the
                issuers):-

                (a) upon receiving from HKSCC or its nominee a dematerialisation request and
                    certificates of participating securities in the name of HKSCC or its nominee, the
                    Registrar Participant shall dematerialise such participating securities by
                    converting such participating securities from certificated form to uncertificated
                    form and updating the register of holders in accordance with Rule 22 of the USM
                    Rules;

                (b) upon receiving from HKSCC or its nominee a dematerialisation with transfer
                    request purporting to transfer such participating securities to HKSCC or its
                    nominee as the transferee, together with all relevant certificates of participating
                    securities and instruments of transfers (duly executed, endorsed and stamped as
                    appropriate), the Registrar Participant shall dematerialise such participating
                    securities by converting such participating securities from certificated form to
                    uncertificated form and update the register of holders in accordance with Rule
                    23 of the USM Rules;

                (c) upon receiving a transfer request from HKSCC or its nominee, and subject to
                    affirmation by the counterparty of the legal title transfer of such request, the
                    Registrar Participant shall update the register of holders in accordance with Rule
                    13 of the USM Rules;

                (d) upon receiving a request from HKSCC or its nominee in connection with any
                    participating securities repurchased by the issuer of such participating securities,
                    and subject to a matching instruction of such issuer, the Registrar Participant
                    shall update the register of holders in accordance with such request;

         (ii)   confirmations of completion of requests, rejection of requests, and updates to the
                register of holders;



                                                 35
           (iii) corporate action-related instructions or messages from or to HKSCC or its nominee,
                 including but not limited to the following:-

                   (a) election instructions for dividend entitlements with options;

                   (b) subscription instructions of rights issues, open offers, preferential offers,
                      takeover offers;

                   (c) exercise instructions in respect of convertible securities;

                   (d) voting instructions;

                   (e) notifications relating to entitlements;

                   (f) confirmations of updates to the register of holders arising from corporate actions;

           (iv)   acknowledgements of receipts and confirmations of execution or rejection relating to
                  corporate actions-related instructions;

           (v)    confirmations of updates to the register of holders due to corporate actions and other
                  information relating to the holder or securities, including but not limiting to share
                  allotments from IPOs and placings; and

           (vi)   daily confirmations of the balance of HKSCC’s or its nominee’s participating
                  securities in uncertificated form recorded in the relevant register of holders.

8A.3     MESSAGES

8A.3.1   All messages sent in accordance with the requirements set out in the Registrar Participant
         Manual are deemed to have been sent by or to a Registrar Participant in its capacity as an
         agent on behalf of the respective issuer or offeror of participating securities. Any such
         message sent by a Registrar Participant shall be attributable to both the Registrar Participant
         and the issuer or offeror of the relevant participating securities and any such message sent to
         a Registrar Participant shall be addressed to both the Registrar Participant and the issuer or
         offeror of the relevant participating securities.

8A.3.2   HKSCC or its nominee shall be entitled to, in good faith, execute or otherwise act upon any
         messages (not being authenticated messages) given or purporting to be given to it by, with
         the authority of or on behalf of a Registrar Participant, whether or not in strict compliance
         with the prescribed manner set out in the Registrar Participant Manual or any applicable
         limitation on authority of such Registrar Participant, which is understood or believed by
         HKSCC or its nominee in good faith to have been given to it by, with the authority of, or on
         behalf of such Registrar Participant.

8A.3.3   Notwithstanding any provisions in this Section to the contrary, HKSCC or its nominee may,
         in its absolute discretion, refuse to execute or otherwise act upon any messages, or purported
         messages (including any authenticated messages) if at the time HKSCC or its nominee
         received it or at any time thereafter HKSCC or its nominee determines that, inter alia:-

         (i) it does not contain sufficient details for HKSCC or its nominee to act upon it;


                                                   36
          (ii) it was forged, fraudulent or otherwise not genuine;

          (iii) any information contained in it was incorrect;

          (iv) it was not sent with the authority of the person on whose behalf it was expressed to have
               been sent; or

          (v) it was not initiated by the Registrar Participant or other person entitled to give it.


                                               Section 9

                   Overview of Clearing and Settlement in CCASS
This Section 9 is not applicable to Registrar Participants.


                                              Section 10

                              Exchange Trades - CNS System
This Section 10 is not applicable to Registrar Participants and Investor Participants.

10.8    LATE DELIVERY : BUY-IN

10.8.2 Timing of Buy-in
       In the event that a short Participant wishes to make an irrevocable request to HKSCC to execute
       a Buy-in pursuant to Rule 3501(iv), such Participant shall complete and submit to HKSCC the
       prescribed form of request (available on HKEX websiteSee CCASS Terminal User Guide for
       Participants for the form). HKSCC reserves the right to accept or reject the short Participant’s
       Buy-in request in its absolute discretion as it may think fit. If the request form is received and
       accepted by HKSCC between 8:01 p.m. and 12:00 noon, orders will be placed on or off the
       Exchange during the afternoon trading session at the Exchange. If the request form is received
       and accepted by HKSCC between 12:01 p.m. and 8:00 p.m., orders will be placed on or off the
       Exchange on the following trading day. HKSCC shall effect the Buy-in at what it determines
       to be the best prevailing market price and terms available (but taking into account HKSCC may
       need to act promptly and provided that HKSCC shall have no liability if it acts in good faith).
       The short Participant shall be liable to and shall indemnify HKSCC, the Exchange, and a
       recognized exchange controller which is the controller of HKSCC against all costs and
       expenses incurred by HKSCC in connection with the Buy-in.

10.8.3 Exemption from Buy-in
       HKSCC may grant an exemption from a Buy-in on behalf of a short Participant on T+3 if such
       Participant is able to provide HKSCC with satisfactory evidence in accordance with Section
       10.8.4 that a ground for exemption as set out below applies:-

        (i)   the Participant applying for exemption or the delivering Participant has made a deposit
              of sufficient Eligible Securities in certificated form into the CCASS Depository prior to

                                                    37
               4:15 p.m. on a Settlement Day, but the CCASS Depository is unable to process the stock
               deposit before the final Batch-settlement-run;

10.8.4 Application for exemption from Buy-in on T+3
       A short Participant wishing to claim exemption under Section 10.8.3 must apply to HKSCC not
       later than 8.00 p.m. on the due date for settlement (i.e., T+2) by completing and submitting an
       Application Form for Exemption of Buy-in (available on HKEX websitesee CCASS Terminal
       User Guide for Participants for the form). The Application Form shall be sent by facsimile or
       such other means as HKSCC may consider appropriate and shall be deemed received when
       received by HKSCC. In addition Upon submission of the form, the short Participant applying
       for exemption must provide HKSCC with satisfactory supporting documents as set out below
       on or before T+6, unless otherwise notified by HKSCC. Unless (i) HKSCC grants an exemption
       under Section 10.8.3, (ii) there is a risk management reason affecting HKSCC, which is
       considered valid by the Risk Management Committee, (iii) a Buy-in has been executed by
       HKSCC pursuant to Rule 3501, or (iv) in respect of the short CNS stock positions of a short
       Participant, HKSCC shall have the right, but shall not be obliged, to effect a Buy-in on behalf
       of the short Participant on T+3 (or if it is not practicable to do so on T+3, at any time thereafter)
       through HKSCC's authorized brokers as HKSCC in its absolute discretion considers
       appropriate.

        In respect of an exemption claimed under Section 10.8.3(i), the Participant applying for
        exemption is required to provide HKSCC with a certified copy of the temporary receipt issued
        by the CCASS Depository for the sharescertificates deposited.

        In respect of an exemption claimed under Section 10.8.3(ii), the Participant applying for
        exemption is required to provide HKSCC with a certified copy of the receipt issued by the
        CCASS Depository for the relevant Stock Ddeposit Form endorsed by the CCASS Depository.

10.9    LATE DELIVERY : ADJUSTMENTS FOR ENTITLEMENTS

10.9.4 Voting
       Long Clearing Participants that wish to give instructions relating to voting for a meeting held
       in Hong Kong may apply to HKSCC by completing and submitting to HKSCC a "Voting
       Request Form - CNS Positions" (available on HKEX websitesee CCASS Terminal User Guide
       for Participants for the form) by 2:00 p.m. one Business Day before the relevant meeting date
       or by such other means specified by HKSCC which may be subject to other time limits.
       Otherwise, the deadline prescribed by HKSCC on Long Clearing Participants for the giving of
       instructions will be on a day which in the opinion of HKSCC would enable it to have sufficient
       time to submit instructions to the relevant issuers or their authorized agents or
       representativesthe proxy form or the relevant document for appointment of corporate
       representative, as the case may be, to the designated place by the stipulated time. This will be
       dealt with by HKSCC in the normal way (see Section 8.6.2).

10.9.8 Rights issues
       Application for rights shares and excess shares by Long Participants will be effected by
       completing and submitting to HKSCC a "Rights Issues Subscription Election Form - CNS
       Positions" (available on HKEX websitesee CCASS Terminal User Guide for Participants for
       the form) together with a cashier order for the subscription money or by any other means as
       specified by HKSCC by 2:00 p.m. on the Business Day before the last day for subscription for



                                                    38
        rights shares or any other time as specified by HKSCC, and may not result in HKSCC requiring
        Short Participants to take action.

10.9.9 Open Offers
       In relation to open offers (other than open offers relating to China Connect Securities), the
       following procedures will usually apply:-

        (i) Long Participants wishing to apply for new shares or excess shares under an open offer will
            be required to complete and submit to HKSCC a “Subscription of Open Offer Form – CNS
            Positions” (available on HKEX websitesee CCASS Terminal User Guide for Participants
            for the form) and provide HKSCC with a cashier’s order for the relevant amount or by such
            other means as specified by HKSCC by 2:00 p.m. on the Business Day before the last day
            for acceptances under an open offer or any other time as specified by HKSCC;

10.9.10 Take-over offers
        In relation to takeover offers, the following procedures will usually apply :-

        (ii) Long Clearing Participants who wish to accept a take-over offer will have to complete and
             submit election forms called “Take-over Offer Acceptance/Election Form – CNS Positions”
             (available on HKEX websitesee CCASS Terminal User Guide for Participants for the form)
             to HKSCC or to apply to HKSCC by any other means as specified by HKSCC by 2:00 p.m.
             on the last Business Day before the last day of acceptance of a take-over offer or any other
             time as specified by HKSCC; and

10.9.11 Conversion of warrants
        In relation to conversion of warrants close to expiry or otherwise subject to corporate actions,
        the following procedures will normally apply :-

          (i) on the due date of settlement of the last trading day of warrants about to expire, or the
              Business Day before the last day to participate in corporate actions affecting the warrants,
              as the case may be, Long Participants will be asked by HKSCC to elect whether or not
              to subscribe for securities under the warrants. A Long Participant wishing to subscribe
              for securities under warrants will be required to complete a “Warrant Conversion Election
              Form – CNS Positions” (available on HKEX websitessee CCASS Terminal User Guide
              for Participants for the form) and provide HKSCC with a cashier’s order for the relevant
              amount or to apply to HKSCC by any other means as specified by HKSCC by 2:00 p.m.
              on the Business Day before the last day of subscription of the warrants (or the Business
              Day before the last day to participate in corporate actions affecting the warrants, as the
              case may be) or any other time as specified by HKSCC;

10.9.14 Conversion of Debt Securities
        In relation to conversion of eligible Debt Securities close to expiry, the following procedures
        will usually apply :-

          (i) on the due date of settlement of the Business Day before the last day of the conversion
              period, Long Clearing Participants who wish to subscribe/convert for securities accruing
              to their due Debt Securities positions through CCASS will be required to complete a
              “Debt Securities Conversion Request Form – CNS Positions” (available on HKEX
              websitesee CCASS Terminal User Guide for Participants for the form) and provide
              HKSCC with a cashier order for the relevant amount or to apply to HKSCC by any other


                                                   39
                 means as specified by HKSCC by 2:00 p.m. on the Business Day before the last day of
                 subscription/conversion of the Debt Securities or such other means or time as may be
                 specified by HKSCC;


                                             Section 10A

                     China Connect Securities Trades - CNS System
This Section 10A is not applicable to Registrar Participants and Investor Participants.


                                              Section 11

                        Exchange Trades - Isolated Trades System
This Section 11 is not applicable to Registrar Participants and Investor Participants.

11.9.6   Rights issues
         In relation to rights issues, Short Clearing Participants are required to deliver the relevant
         number of nil paid rights (PALs) to the relevant counterparty Long Clearing Participants on
         the distribution date of such nil paid rights.
         In relation to Exchange Trades in PALs nil paid rights to be settled under the Isolated Trades
         System in CCASS the following procedures will normally apply:-
         (i)       Long Clearing Participants wishing to subscribe for rights shares through CCASS in
                   respect of their unsettled stock positions under the Isolated Trades System in such
                   PALsnil paid rights must complete and return the Rights Issue Subscription Election
                   Form - IT Positions (see CCASS Terminal User Guide for Participants for the form)
                   and Declaration Form to HKSCC together with a cashier order for the relevant amount
                   by 2:00 p.m. on the Business Day before the last day for Subscription for the rights
                   shares in question or such other means and time as may be specified by HKSCC. This
                   will be dealt with by HKSCC in the normal way (see Section 8.10);

         (ii)      if the Long Clearing Participants fail to receive any of the PALsnil paid rights or only
                   receive part of the PALsnil paid rights from their counterparty Short Clearing
                   Participants before the last day for subscription (or by the first Batch-settlement-run
                   on the last day for subscription if the last day for subscription falls on the second
                   Settlement Day following the last trading day of the PALsnil paid rights), HKSCC
                   will not process the subscription request of the Long Clearing Participants or will only
                   process partial subscription based on the quantity of PALsnil paid rights received by
                   the Long Clearing Participants; and

         (iii)     HKSCC will refund the whole subscription money or the balance of the subscription
                   money, as the case may be, to the Long Clearing Participants.



                                              Section 12

                                                    40
                    Non-Exchange Trades – SI Transactions,
                         Clearing Agency Transactions,
                   ISI Transactions, Transfer Instructions and
                 Non-Trade Transfers in China Connect Securities
This Section 12 is not applicable to Registrar Participants.

12.5     CROSS-BORDER TRANSFER INSTRUCTION

12.5.3A Settlement of Cross-Border Transfer Instructions in respect of which Uncertificated
        Eligible Securities are to be credited to Participant’s Stock Account with CCASS and
        debited from an Overseas Account
        Upon receipt of a duly completed Cross-Border Transfer Instruction Form as set out in the
        CCASS Terminal User Guide from a Participant in relation to the crediting of Uncertificated
        Eligible Securities to that Participant’s Stock Account with CCASS and a confirmation from
        the Overseas Issuer, or its authorized agents or representatives or its principal or branch
        sharesecurities registrar or the entity with which the Overseas Account is maintained in
        relation to the transfer and/or re-registration of such Uncertificated Eligible Securities in the
        name of HKSCC or the Nominee, HKSCC shall credit such Uncertificated Eligible Securities
        to the Participant’s Stock Account with CCASS. The effecting of a transfer in accordance with
        that instruction will be dependent upon the appropriate actions being taken by the Overseas
        Issuer (or its agents or representatives), the entity with which the Overseas Account is
        maintained and the holder of the Overseas Account to be debited.

12.5.3B Settlement of Cross-Border Transfer Instructions in respect of which Uncertificated
        Eligible Securities are to be debited from Participant’s Stock Account with CCASS and
        credited to an Overseas Account
        Upon receipt of a duly completed Cross-Border Transfer Instruction Form as set out in the
        CCASS Terminal User Guide from a Participant in relation to the debiting of Uncertificated
        Eligible Securities from that Participant’s Stock Account with CCASS, HKSCC will debit
        such Eligible Securities from the Participant’s Stock Account in accordance with the Cross-
        Border Transfer Instruction Form if there are sufficient Eligible Securities in credit in the
        Participant’s Stock Account. HKSCC will forward the transfer instruction to the Overseas
        Issuer, its authorized agents or representatives or its principal or branch sharesecurities
        registrar or the entity with which the Overseas Account is maintained for processing. The
        effecting of a transfer in accordance with that instruction will be dependent upon the
        appropriate actions being taken by the Overseas Issuer (or its agents or representatives), the
        entity with which the Overseas Account is maintained and the holder of the Overseas Account
        to be credited.



                                            Section 12A

                                  Foreign Exchange Services
This Section 12A is only applicable to TSF CCASS Participants.


                                                   41
12A.5     EARMARKING AND DE-EARMARKING OF TSF STOCKS

12A.5.1 Earmarking and de-earmarking requirements
        In accordance with Rules 12A01(v) and 12A09, TSF Stocks purchased with the support of
        the TSF shall be earmarked as such; held in the TSF Accounts; and be subject to restrictions
        on transfer to other Stock Accounts and withdrawal of share certificates from CCASS. TSF
        Participants wishing to sell earmarked TSF Stocks shall, except where a Stock Release
        Request is accepted by HKSCC or otherwise permitted under the Rules, be obliged to sell
        such TSF Stocks through the use of the TSF and to accept the sale proceeds of such TSF
        Stocks in HKD. The sale of earmarked TSF Stocks through the use of the TSF will result in
        the de-earmarking of the TSF Stocks.


                                            Section 12B

                          Stamp Duty Payment Services for
                   Participating Securities in Uncertificated Form
This Section 12B is only applicable to Stamp Authorized Persons.

12B.1 PURPOSE

        This Section 12B provides details on the stamp duty payment services under which Stamp
        Authorized Persons may submit Stamp Duty Payment Requests with respect to SI Transactions
        of participating securities in uncertificated form, and the procedures relating to the submission,
        calculation and settlement of the stamp duty payments.

12B.2 STAMP DUTY PAYMENT REQUESTS

        This service only serves as an alternative channel to facilitate Stamp Authorized Persons to
        make stamp duty payment within the stamping time limit to the Collector of Stamp Revenue.
        For transactions subject to any late stamping penalty, the responsible party shall make stamp
        duty payment directly to the Collector of Stamp Revenue.

12B.2.1 Submission of Stamp Duty Payment Requests
       A Stamp Authorized Person can opt to submit a Stamp Duty Payment Request via CCASS
       instructing HKSCC to issue a request to the Collector of Stamp Revenue for the chargeable
       stamp duty in respect of its SI Transactions in participating securities in uncertificated form.

        Stamp Authorized Person shall submit “Stamp Duty Payment Requests” in accordance with the
        CCASS Terminal User Guide to facilitate the Collector of Stamp Revenue to calculate and
        collect the stamp duty payment amount. HKSCC reserves the right to impose other
        requirements as may be requested by the Collector of Stamp Revenue from time to time. Stamp
        Authorized Person shall ensure they submit Stamp Duty Payment Requests in compliance with
        the requirements of the Collector of Stamp Revenue.

        It shall be the Stamp Authorized Person’s responsibility to imprint the amount of stamp duty
        paid on the contract notes after the generation of EPI pursuant to Section 12B.2.3. The Stamp
        Authorized Person is fully responsible for its transactions and shall ensure that the correct


                                                   42
        amount of stamp duty payments is being paid, contract notes are being prepared according to
        the requirements of the Collector of Stamp Revenue (including those in the Stamp Duty
        Ordinance) and that proper records are retained for the inspection by the Collector of Stamp
        Revenue.

        Participants should refer to the CCASS Terminal User Guide for Participants for further
        information on the Stamp Duty Payment Request functions and the relevant reports.

12B.2.2 Calculation of Stamp Duty Payment amount
       After a Stamp Authorized Person successfully submits a Stamp Duty Payment Request in
       CCASS, HKSCC shall transmit the request details to the Collector of Stamp Revenue for
       calculation of stamp duty payment. On the following Business Day, the Collector of Stamp
       Revenue will notify HKSCC of the calculated stamp duty payment amount for each received
       request. In case any requests are rejected by the Collector of Stamp Revenue, HKSCC shall
       update the status of the Stamp Duty Payment Request to “rejected”. The Stamp Authorized
       Person shall be responsible for checking the status of the submitted requests and should re-input
       a new request with valid details where necessary.

12B.2.3 Money Settlement for Stamp Duty Payment
       On the Business Day following submission of a Stamp Duty Payment Request, based on the
       payment amount calculated by the Collector of Stamp Revenue and notified to HKSCC,
       HKSCC shall issue an EPI for each Stamp Duty Payment Request. Once the EPI is generated
       by HKSCC, the relevant details will be provided to the Collector of Stamp Revenue for
       information, and such stamp duty payment will be deemed to be paid by the Stamp Authorized
       Person that submitted the Stamp Duty Payment Request. The EPIs relating to Stamp Duty
       Payment Requests will be issued in accordance with Section 14 to the Designated Banks of the
       Participants concerned to effect payment to the Collector of Stamp Revenue and/or its agent.
       The relevant Designated Bank is required to issue a payment confirmation in accordance with
       Section 14.5.3 no later than 9:30 a.m. on the Business Day following the issuance of an EPI.
       Stamp Authorized Persons shall be responsible for checking and ensuring that they have
       sufficient funds in their General Purpose Designated Bank Account to fulfil any stamp duty
       payments, in addition to any other CCASS related money obligations.

        Stamp Authorized Persons shall pay the money settlement fees for both the debit and credit
        EPIs issued by the HKSCC in relation to Stamp Duty Payment Requests.

        In case there is any payment rejection of an EPI, HKSCC will notify and provide information
        in relation to the payment rejection to the Collector of Stamp Revenue.

12B.2.4 Purging of Stamp Duty Payment Requests
       Any Stamp Duty Payment Request in the “pending status” shall be purged by HKSCC from
       CCASS at the end of the day on which such request is submitted. The purging of pending
       requests is initiated by HKSCC and not by Stamp Authorised Persons.

12B.3 HKSCC NOT RESPONSIBLE

        Without limiting the generality of Chapter 21 of the Rules, HKSCC shall not be in any way
        responsible or liable in contract, tort or otherwise to a Participant, its clients or any other person
        for any act, omission, delay or failure on the part of HKSCC in connection with Stamp Duty
        Payment Requests and related payments. It is the responsibility of the Participant, its client or


                                                     43
        the relevant investor (as the case may be) to ensure that stamp duty, including any fine or
        penalty, in respect of a SI transaction is properly and timely paid to the Collector of Stamp
        Revenue.


                                             Section 13

                                      Securities Settlement
This Section 13 is not applicable to Registrar Participants.


                                             Section 14

                                  CCASS Money Settlement
This Section 14 is not applicable to Registrar Participants.

14.1    SCOPE OF MONEY SETTLEMENT SERVICES

14.1.2 HKSCC's role
       HKSCC plays two different roles in relation to CCASS money settlement :-

        (iii) as facilitator in relation to payment and refund of application or tender monies between
             Participants and issuers in relation to Tender Instructions; and

        (iv) as facilitator in relation to payment of money by Clearing Participants or Custodian
            Participants to their SSA Statement Recipients pursuant to STI Transfers on a DVP basis;
            and

        (v) as facilitator in relation to payment of money by Stamp Authorized Persons to the Collector
            of Stamp Revenue and/or its agent in respect of Stamp Duty Payment Requests.

14.2    DESIGNATED BANKS AND AUTHORISATION FORMS

14.2.4 Forms to be completed
       In order that a Participant can use its Designated Bank Account(s) for CCASS money settlement,
       it has to complete and submit such debit authorisations and authorisations to disclose
       information as HKSCC may prescribe from time to time to HKSCC for processing. Such debit
       authorisations and authorisations to disclose information include the following:-

        (ii) Debit Authorisation for Electronic Payment Instruction.

            By giving this authorisation, a Participant authorises its Designated Bank to accept debit
            instructions from HKSCC by way of EPIs (see below), to effect payment to HKSCC, or
            other Participants, the Collector of Stamp Revenue or ASRs; and

14.3    INSTRUCTIONS BY HKSCC TO DESIGNATED BANKS


                                                   44
14.3.4 Amounts arising out of nominee services
       The amounts to be debited or credited to the Designated Bank Accounts of Participants in
       relation to nominee and similar transactions effected by HKSCC have been explained elsewhere
       (see Sections 8.7 to 8.21, 8.25 and 8.26). In brief, they arise from the following types of
       corporate actions:-

        (ii)    for subscription of rights shares and excess shares in relation to PALsnil paid rights
                where the subscription monies are payable in an Eligible Currency, HKSCC will issue
                debit entries to the Participants' Money Ledgers in respect of the appropriate
                subscription monies upon receipt of the rights subscription and/or excess shares
                application instructions via CCASS Terminals or the CCASS Internet System for
                settlement via the relevant Participants' Designated Bank Accounts on the same day
                via DDIs or CPIs;

14.3.8 Amounts arising out of Stamp Duty Payment Services
       The amounts to be debited to Designated Bank Accounts of a Stamp Authorized Person in
       relation to Stamp Duty Payment Requests are explained in Section 12B.2. In brief, for Stamp
       Duty Payment Requests, HKSCC will generate EPIs to the Designated Bank of the Stamp
       Authorized Person for settlement of the stamp duty payment amount determined by the
       Collector of Stamp Revenue in relation to Stamp Authorized Persons’s Stamp Duty Payment
       Requests pursuant to Section 12B.2.

14.3.9 Amounts arising out of fees charged by ASRs in relation to prescribed securities
       ASR fees will be collected from Participants in Hong Kong dollars by EPIs or such other
       method as shall be acceptable to HKSCC. Without prejudice to any other rights of HKSCC,
       HKSCC shall be entitled to apply any sums denominated in any currency standing to the credit
       of any account (including but not limited to any account in Money Ledger or CCMS) with
       HKSCC of a Participant in satisfaction of any ASR fees due or payable by such Participant.

14.5    ELECTRONIC PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS

14.5.1 Usage
       EPIs are used to effect (i) money settlement between Participants in relation to trade for trade
       transactions settled in CCASS on a DVP basis (i.e. Isolated Trades, ISI and SI Transactions
       settled on a DVP basis); (ii) payment of money by Clearing Participants or Custodian
       Participants to their SSA Statement Recipients in relation to STI Transfers on a DVP basis; (iii)
       payment of fees and expenses by Participants other than Investor Participants on a weekly basis
       to HKSCC for CCASS services; and (iv) redelivery to China Connect Clearing Participants of
       Collateral provided to HKSCC for the early release of China Connect Securities that are
       Securities-on-hold; (v) payment of money by Stamp Authorized Persons to the Collector of
       Stamp Revenue for stamp duty payments in relation to Stamp Duty Payment Requests; and (vi)
       payment of ASR fees.

14.5.2 Procedures
       The following is a brief description of the procedures relating to EPIs issued by HKSCC:-

        (iid) on any Settlement Day, to effect the payment of ASR fees, HKSCC will generate a debit
              EPI to the Designated Bank of the relevant Participant;




                                                  45
       (v)     Participants other than Investor Participants will be able to obtain their “Settlement
               Report”, “DDI/DCI/EPI Summary for Participant”, and “Settlement Related EPI Listing”
               (in respect of trade for trade transactions settled in CCASS on a DVP basis), and
               “Statements of Money Ledger” (in respect of fees and expenses for CCASS services)
               (see Section 16.6.1) and “ASR Fees Report” (in respect of ASR fees) (see Section 16.6.1)
               which contain details of the EPIs for debits and credits to their Designated Bank Accounts.
               In the case of Investor Participants, activity statements will be posted on the CCASS
               Internet System and activity statements will also be mailed to Investor Participants who
               have elected to receive their activity statements by mail on the Business Day following
               the activities to which the activity statement relates (see Section 16.6.2). In the case of
               SSA Statement Recipients receiving EPI payment, activity statements including the
               payment details will be posted on the CCASS Internet System and activity statements
               will also be mailed to SSA Statement Recipients who have elected to receive their activity
               statements by mail on the Business Day following the payment to which the activity
               statement relates (see Section 16.6.8). Activity statements will not be mailed to Investor
               Participants who have not elected to receive their activity statements by mail and such
               Investor Participants should enquire the details of their activity statements through the
               CCASS Internet System; and

       (va) at the end of each Business Day, based on the calculated stamp duty payment amounts
            received from the Collector of Stamp Revenue, for each Stamp Duty Payment Request
            per Stamp Authorized Person, HKSCC will generate a debit EPI with a corresponding
            credit EPI to the specified bank account of the Collector of Stamp Revenue or its agent.
            Stamp Authorized Persons can obtain their “Stamp Duty Payment Request Status Report”
            and “DDI/DCI/EPI Summary for Participant” (see Section 16.6.1) via CCASS Terminals
            or Participant Gateways; and

14.5.3 Payment confirmation by Designated Banks
       (i) In this Section 14.5.3, “payment confirmation” means a confirmation issued by Designated
           Banks to HKSCC via their CCASS Terminals stating or confirming that:-

             (a) payments to be made out of the Designated Bank Accounts of Participants other than
                 Investor Participants in response to debit EPIs to effect money settlement in relation to
                 Isolated Trades, SI Transactions on a DVP basis and/or fees and expenses for CCASS
                 services have not been or cannot be made or effected by Designated Banks;

             (b) payments to be received by the Designated Bank Accounts of Participants other than
                 Investor Participants in response to credit EPIs to effect money settlement in relation
                 to Isolated Trades and/or SI Transactions on a DVP basis have not been or cannot be
                 received or effected by Designated Banks; or

             (c) payments to be made out of the Designated Bank Accounts of the Investor Participants
                 in response to debit EPIs to effect money settlement in relation to ISI Transactions on
                 a DVP basis where the on hold mechanism applies have not been or cannot be made or
                 effected by Designated Banks;

             (d) payments to be made out of the Designated Bank Accounts of the Stamp Authorized
                 Persons in response to debit EPIs to effect money settlement in relation to Stamp Duty
                 Payment Requests have not been or cannot be made or effected by Designated Banks;
                 or


                                                   46
              (e) payments to be made out of the Designated Bank Accounts of Participants in response
                  to debit EPIs to effect money settlement in relation to payment of ASR fees have not
                  been or cannot be received or effected by Designated Banks.

14.5.4 Default of payment
       As HKSCC's role in relation to money settlement for (i) trade for trade transactions in CCASS
       on a DVP basis; and (ii) STI Transfers on a DVP basis is merely that of a facilitator, it will not
       be responsible for any default in payment in relation to trade for trade transactions settled in
       CCASS or STI Transfers effected in CCASS by Participants. In case of any payment default in
       relation to trade for trade transactions, the non-defaulting Participant shall notify HKSCC
       immediately.

        In case of any payment default (including but not limited to a rejected EPI) in relation to ASR
        fees, HKSCC or its nominee may notify and provide information in relation to the payment
        default to the relevant ASR.

        Accordingly, Participants themselves have to monitor good payment in relation to money
        settlement by EPIs.


                                             Section 15

                                        Enquiry Services
This Section 15 is not applicable to Registrar Participants.

15.2    USE OF VARIOUS ENQUIRY FUNCTIONS AVAILABLE

        The various enquiry functions provided by CCASS that are available for access and the purpose
        of accessing each such function are set out below:-

        (i)    Available to Participants other than Investor Participants:-

               (bb) “Enquire Shareholding Category Disclosure” function: to enquire about the details
                    of any Shareholding Category Disclosure made in respect of China Connect
                    Securities; and

               (bc) [Repealed]

               (bd) [Repealed]

               (be) “Enquire Multi-counter Settlement Mapping” function: to enquire about the
                    authorized multi-counter settlement mapping; and

               (bf) “Enquire Login Deposit/Demat Order” function: to enquire about the details and
                    status of deposit orders.

        (ib) Available to Stamp Authorized Persons:-


                                                   47
              (a)    “Enquire USI Transfer Request” function: to enquire about the details and status
                     of USI Transfer Requests; and

              (b)    “Enquire Stamp Duty Payment Request” function: to enquire about the details and
                     status of Stamp Duty Payment Requests (including the stamp duty payment amount
                     calculated by the Collector of Stamp Revenue) as referred to in Section 12B.2.

15.3    HOURS WHEN SERVICES ARE AVAILABLE

        The enquiry services provided by CCASS for Participants other than Investor Participants are
        usually available for use by such Participants between the hours of 7:15 a.m. and 8:00 p.m.,
        Monday to Friday (except public holiday), except for the CCMS enquiry function which closes
        at approximately 8:30 p.m., Enquire Sellable Balance Adjustment Request function which
        closes at approximately 9:00 p.m., Enquire Broadcast Message functions which close at
        approximately 9:30 p.m., and also between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 1:00 p.m. on Saturday
        (except public holiday). These services hours are subject to change as HKSCC may from time
        to time specify. Enquiry services may be limited when each Batch-settlement-run is in process
        (see the daily CCASS processing and service schedule set out in Section 6.2).

        The enquiry services provided by CCASS for Investor Participants at the Customer Service
        Centre are usually available between the hours of 9:00 a.m. and 65:00 p.m., Monday to Friday
        (except public holiday). These services hours are subject to change as HKSCC may from time
        to time specify.


                                              Section 16

                                    Statements and Reports
This Section 16 is not applicable to Registrar Participants.

16.6    REPORTS AND STATEMENTS FOR PARTICIPANTS

16.6.1 CCASS Reports and Statements for Participants other than Investor Participants

        Report ID            Report name                       Frequency   Time available (content
                                                                           details)

        CCNPT06               Nominee Fees Refund              Daily       when the report retrieval is
                              Report                                       available (for refund of the
                                                                           over-charged       nominee
                                                                           fees arising from multi-
                                                                           counter stocks, i.e. scrip
                                                                           fee      and       dividend
                                                                           collection fee)

        CCDCM02               Multi-counter                    Daily       when the report retrieval is
                              Settlement                                   available   (for     active


                                                   48
Report ID   Report name                    Frequency    Time available (content
                                                        details)

            Mapping Data                                mapping as of the file
            Download File                               generation time)

CCVUM01     USI Transfer Request           Daily        when the report retrieval is
            Activity Report                             available (for previous
                                                        day's    USI      Transfer
                                                        Request input activities)

CCVUM02     USI Transfer Request           Daily        when the report retrieval is
            Status Report                               available (USI Transfer
                                                        Request status as at the
                                                        end of the previous day)

CCVUM03     USI Transfer Request           After each   shortly after completion of
            Batch Input Control Report     batch        each      USI     Transfer
                                           validation   Request batch validation
                                                        run (for status of USI
                                                        Transfer Request batch
                                                        file uploads)

CCVUM09     Deposit/Demat Order            Daily        when the report retrieval is
            Status Report                               available (Deposit/Demat
                                                        order status as at the end
                                                        of the previous day)

CCVUM10     Deposit/Demat Order            Daily        when the report retrieval is
            Certificate(s) Detail Report                available      (certificate
                                                        details of Deposit/Demat
                                                        order      updated       to
                                                        “authorised” status as at
                                                        the end of the previous
                                                        day)

CCVUM11     Rejected Deposit/Demat         Daily        when the report retrieval is
            Order Certificate(s) Detail                 available       (certificate
            Report                                      details of Deposit /Demat
                                                        order      updated        to
                                                        “rejected” or “partially
                                                        rejected” status as at the
                                                        end of the previous day)

CCVUM12     Deposit/Demat Order            Daily        when the report retrieval is
            Maintenance Audit Trail                     available (for previous
            Report                                      day's deposit order input
                                                        activities              and
                                                        Deposit/Demat         order



                                 49
Report ID   Report name                 Frequency    Time available (content
                                                     details)

                                                     purged by system as at the
                                                     end of the previous day)

CCVUM13     Deposit/Demat Order Batch   After each   shortly after completion of
            Input Control Report        batch        each        Deposit/Demat
                                        validation   Order batch validation run
                                                     (for status of Deposit
                                                     /Demat Order batch file
                                                     uploads)

CSEUM01     Stamp Duty Payment          Daily        when the report retrieval is
            Request Activity Report                  available     (for    daily
                                                     activities of Stamp Duty
                                                     Payment Request as at the
                                                     end of the previous day)


CSEUM02     Stamp Duty Payment          Daily        when the report retrieval is
            Request Status Report                    available (Stamp Duty
                                                     Payment Request status as
                                                     at the end of the previous
                                                     day)

CCVUM39     ASR Fees Report             Daily        when the report retrieval is
                                                     available (for previous
                                                     day’s ASR fees)

CCVWD17     Daily Stock Withdrawal      Daily        when the report retrieval is
            Fee (for Physical                        available (for previous
            Withdrawal) Collection                   day’s stock withdrawal
            Report                                   fee arising from physical
                                                     withdrawal)

CCVWD18     Daily Stock Withdrawal      Daily        when the report retrieval is
            Fee (for USI transfer)                   available (for previous
            Collection Report                        day’s stock withdrawal
                                                     fee arising from USI
                                                     transfer)

CCDPC03     Monthly Stock Custody       Monthly      when the report retrieval is
            Fee Collection Report                    available on the first
                                                     Business Day of each
                                                     month     (for    previous
                                                     month’s portfolio values
                                                     of each calendar day for
                                                     calculating stock
                                                     custody fee)

                                50
        Report ID            Report name                    Frequency        Time available (content
                                                                             details)


        CCDPC04              CCASS Membership Fee           Yearly &         when the report retrieval is
                             Collection Report              ad hoc           available on the first
                                                                             Business Day of each year
                                                                             (for previous portfolio
                                                                             values of each calendar
                                                                             day                     for
                                                                             calculating membership
                                                                             fee) or on the first
                                                                             Business Day of the
                                                                             month after its termination
                                                                             from CCASS (applicable
                                                                             to      the      terminated
                                                                             participants only)

16.6.2 Statements for Investor Participants
       An activity statement will be posted on and available to Investor Participants via the CCASS
       Internet System. The activity statement will also be sent to an Investor Participant who has
       elected to receive the activity statement by mail on the Business Day after (a) input of any
       instructions by the Investor Participant relating to nominees and settlement activities, or (b)
       receipt of benefit distribution, or (c) there is any movement in the Eligible Securities under the
       Stock Account of the Investor Participant. The following sections are included in the activity
       statement :-

        (vii) Deposit/Demat Order Activities Section: Deposit/Demat Order activities are listed.

        (viii) ASR Fees Section: ASR fees charged to Participants are listed.

        In addition, a monthly statement will be posted on and available to Investor Participant via the
        CCASS Internet System. The monthly statement will also be sent to an Investor Participant
        who has elected to receive the monthly statement by mail. The monthly statement will contain
        details of the money ledger and stock account movements of the Investor Participant for the
        past month, the billing details and balances of all the stocks in the Stock Accounts of the
        Investor Participant, and include the following sections:-

        (ii) Stock Balance Section : The stock balances, reference value of the stocks and calculation
             of custody fee for bonds (which includes (a) bearer Debt Securities, (b) Exchange Fund
             Notes, (c) Government Bonds, (d) Specified Instruments, and (e) CMU Instruments) and
             foreign securities stock maintenance fees are shown.

        (v) [Repealed]Scrip Fee Calculation Section : Detail calculation of scrip fee is shown.

        (viii) Stock Custody Fee Section: Calculation of stock custody fee (excluding custody fees for
              bonds and foreign securities covered in (ii) above) is shown.




                                                   51
                                              Section 17

                                     Suspension of Services
This Section 17 is not applicable to Registrar Participants.

17.2    TYPHOONS, EXTREME CONDITIONS AND RAINSTORMS

17.2.4 Depository services
       The services and facilities physical outlet of the CCASS Depository for delivery and collection
       of certificates will normally ceaseclose fifteen minutes after a Typhoon Signal No. 8 or above
       is hoisted or Extreme Conditions are announced and will normally resume two hours after the
       Typhoon Signal is lowered and Extreme Conditions are cancelled (where applicable) at or
       before 12:00 noon on a Business Day. If the Typhoon Signal is still hoisted or Extreme
       Conditions are still in force at 12:00 noon on a Business Day, there will be nothe physical outlet
       of the CCASS Depository will not be open services for the day and no delivery or collection of
       certificates to or from deposits or withdrawals can be made into or out of the CCASS
       Depository will be available.

        The physical outlet services and facilities of the CCASS Depository will remain open available
        if a Black Rainstorm Warning is issued at or after 9:00 a.m. on a Business Day. When a Black
        Rainstorm Warning is issued before 9:00 a.m. and is cancelled at or before 12:00 noon on a
        Business Day, the physical outlet of the CCASS Depository services will normally resume
        operations two hours after the cancellation of such warning. When a Black Rainstorm Warning
        is issued before 9:00 a.m. and remains in effect at 12:00 noon on a Business Day, the physical
        outlet of theno CCASS Depository services or facilities will not be in operation available on
        that day and no delivery or collection of certificates to or from deposits or withdrawals can be
        made into or out of the CCASS Depository will be available.

17.2.4A Depository services on the last registration day
       In relation to Eligible Securities listed on the Exchange which are subject to book-close dates
       or record date without book closure, the last registration day (for submitting transfers of
       securities in certificated form, as specified by the relevant issuer) (and the latest time) before
       book-close or record date to submit Eligible Securities for registration to qualify for corporate
       entitlements may be extended in certain circumstances and accordingly, the latest time by which
       Participants may deposit Eligible Securities into CCASS to qualify for the relevant corporate
       entitlements through CCASS may also be extended (as well as the period during which no
       further deposits or withdrawals of relevant Eligible Securities will be allowed).

        For the avoidance of doubt, if a Typhoon Signal No. 8 or above is hoisted or Extreme
        Conditions are announced, or if a Black Rainstorm Warning is issued, facilities for depositing
        and withdrawing participating securities by way of submitting USI Transfer Requests
        electronically via CCASS Terminal will generally continue to be available, subject to the
        processing and registration confirmation by the relevant Registrar Participants.

        The general position for the deposits and withdrawals of Eligible Securities involving
        certificates in general is explained further below:-




                                                   52
(i)   if a Typhoon Signal No. 8 or above is lowered and/or Extreme Conditions are cancelled
      (where applicable) at or before 12:00 noon on the last registration day (for submitting
      transfers of securities in certificated form, as specified by the relevant issuer) before book-
      close or record date (or in the case of Debt Securities in bearer form, on the CCASS Record
      Date imposed by HKSCC), the latest time for submission of relevant Eligible Securities
      for registration will, under the Exchange's Listing Rules, be deferred to 5:00 p.m. on the
      same day. In such a case, the time limit for delivery of certificates for deposits and
      collection of certificates for withdrawals of relevant Eligible Securities by Participants
      will also be extended from the normal 12:00 noon to 2:30 p.m. on that day (i.e. the last
      registration day (for submitting transfers of securities in certificated form, as specified by
      the relevant issuer) before book-close or record date, or the CCASS Record Date imposed
      by HKSCC, as the case may be);

(ia) if only a Black Rainstorm Warning is issued before 9:00 a.m. and is cancelled at or before
     12:00 noon on the last registration day (for submitting transfers of securities in certificated
     form, as specified by the relevant issuer) before book-close or record date, the latest time
     for submission of relevant Eligible Securities for registration will, as stipulated under the
     Exchange's Listing Rules, be deferred to 5:00 p.m. on the same day. In such case, the time
     limit for delivery of certificates for deposits and collection of certificates for withdrawals
     of relevant Eligible Securities by Participants will also be extended from the normal 12:00
     noon to 2:30 p.m. on that day (i.e. the last registration day (for submitting transfers of
     securities in certificated form, as specified by the relevant issuer) before book-close or
     record date);.

(ii) if a Typhoon Signal No. 8 or above is hoisted and/or Extreme Conditions are announced
     between 3:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. on the last registration day (for submitting transfers of
     securities in certificated form, as specified by the relevant issuer) before book-close or
     record date (or in the case of Debt Securities in bearer form, on the CCASS Record Date
     imposed by HKSCC) but the Typhoon Signal is lowered or Extreme Conditions are
     cancelled (where applicable) at or before 9:00 a.m. on the next business day, then under
     the Exchange’s Listing Rules, the latest time for submission of relevant Eligible Securities
     for registration will be deferred to 12:00 noon4:00 p.m. on the following business day (or
     5:00 p.m., if the Typhoon Signal is only lowered or Extreme Conditions are only cancelled
     (where applicable) after 9:00 a.m. but at or before 12:00 noon on that following business
     day).

      In such a case, the normal CCASS deadline of 12:00 noon for delivery of certificates for
      deposits and 2:00 p.m. for collection of certificates for withdrawals on the original last
      registration day (for submitting transfers of securities in certificated form, as specified by
      the relevant issuer) before book-close or record date (or on the CCASS Record Date
      imposed by HKSCC, as the case may be) for the purpose of participating in relevant
      corporate entitlements through CCASS will remain but delivery of certificates forno
      deposits or collection of certificates for withdrawals of relevant Eligible Securities into or
      out of CCASS will not be allowed until 12:00 noon on the following business day (or for
      the rest of the following business day, if the Typhoon Signal is lowered and Extreme
      Conditions are cancelled (where applicable) between 9:00 a.m. and 12:00 noon on that
      day);

(iia) if only a Black Rainstorm Warning is issued at or after 9:00 a.m. on the last registration
      day (for submitting transfers of securities in certificated form, as specified by the relevant


                                             53
              issuer) before book-close or record date, then as stipulated under the Exchange's Listing
              Rules, the latest time for submission of relevant Eligible Securities for registration will
              remain unchangedat 4:00 p.m. on that day. In such case, the normal CCASS deadline of
              12:00 noon on the last registration day (for submitting transfers of securities in certificated
              form, as specified by the relevant issuer) before book-close or record date (for the purpose
              of participating in relevant corporate entitlements through CCASS) will remain;

        (iii) In other cases where under the Exchange's Listing Rules the last registration day (for
              submitting transfers of securities in certificated form, as specified by the relevant issuer)
              before book-close or record date (or in the case of Debt Securities in bearer form, the
              CCASS Record Date imposed by HKSCC) is extended to 4:00 p.m. on the following
              business day, the normal CCASS deadline of 12:00 noon for delivery of certificates for
              deposits and 2:00 p.m. for collection of certificates for withdrawals on the original last
              registration day (for submitting transfers of securities in certificated form, as specified by
              the relevant issuer) before book-close or record date (or on the CCASS Record Date
              imposed by HKSCC, as the case may be) for the purpose of participating in relevant
              benefits entitlements through CCASS will also be extended to 12:00 noon on that
              following business day and, thereafter for the rest of that day, no further delivery of
              certificates for deposits and collection of certificates for withdrawals of Eligible Securities
              into or out of CCASS will be acceptedallowed.

17.2.5 Nominee services
       In relation to corporate action entitlements, the date for determining eligibility of corporate
       actions will remain unchanged notwithstanding any severe weather conditions. HKSCC will
       determine the eligibility of Participants’ entitlements with reference to their relevant securities
       holdings in CCASS as at the original last registration date (for submitting transfers of securities
       in certificated form, as specified by the relevant issuer) even if the such last registration date is
       postponed (as stipulated under the Exchange's Listing Rules) due to the hoisting of Typhoon
       Signal No.8 or above, the announcement of Extreme Conditions or the issuance of a Black
       Rainstorm Warning. Participants which have lodged and completed the deposit or withdrawal
       of the physical certificates of the relevant securities with CCASSby (as applicable): (a)
       depositing or withdrawing the relevant certificates; or (b) successfully completing the relevant
       USI Transfer Request, by the postponed last registration date will have the relevant entitlements
       in CCASS adjusted accordingly to reflect the respective deposit and withdrawal if necessary.


                                               Section 18

                                          Guarantee Fund

This Section 18 is not applicable to Registrar Participants.




                                                     54
                                             Section 19

                        Financial and Accounting Requirements
Only Section 19.2.3A in this Section 19 is applicable to Registrar Participants.

19.1 FINANCIAL REQUIREMENTS

19.1.1 General
        Other than certain financial requirements applicable to certain types of Participants to qualify
        for their admission into and continuing participation in HKSCCCCASS, Participants will be
        notified by HKSCC if any additional financial requirements are to be imposed by HKSCC in
        the future.

        For convenience, the financial commitments which Participants may have as a result of
        participation in HKSCCCCASS are set out in Section 19.1.2. Clearing Participants will have
        additional financial commitments as a result of participation in HKSCCCCASS and for
        convenience, these are set out in Section 19.1.3.

        It is the responsibility of each Participant to comply with all financial requirements applicable
        to it under relevant statutes or regulations.

19.1.2 Financial commitments of Participants
       In summary, the main financial commitments of a Participant as a result of its participantship
       in HKSCC will include :-

        (i)   payment of admission fee (if applicable) to HKSCC at the time of admission;

        (ii) the provision of assurances (e.g. insurance) in respect of its obligations to HKSCC, which
             may be required by HKSCC at the time of admission or thereafter from time to time;

        (iii) responsibility for defective Eligible Securities deposited into CCASS;

        (iv) payment in respect of money obligations arising out of the settlement of transactions in
             CCASS on a DVP basis and money obligations in respect of nominee transactions effected
             in CCASS; and

        (v) payment to HKSCC in respect of costs and expenses of HKSCC’s services and facilities
            and, in the case of services relating to China Connect Securities, fees, expenses, levies and
            taxes collected by HKSCC for the relevant China Connect Clearing House or other
            regulatory or tax authority.

19.2.3 Information and returns
       All (i) GCPs which are not Exchange Participants, (ii) Clearing Agency Participants, (iii)
       Custodian Participants, (iv) Stock Lender Participants, and (v) Stock Pledgee Participants are
       required to submit to HKSCC their audited accounts as soon as they are available.

19.2.3A Audited accounts of Registrar Participants



                                                   55
All Registrar Participants are required to submit to HKSCC their audited accounts as soon as
they are available.




                                        56
                                              Section 20

                                       Disciplinary Action
20.1    INFORMATION

20.1.1 Information
       A Participant shall, as and when required, provide HKSCC in writing with information about
       regarding its business and transactions in CCASS Eligible Securities (in the case of a Participant
       other than a Registrar Participant), or its processes in any System (in the case of Registrar
       Participants), for the purposes of:-

        (a) satisfying HKSCC that the Rules are being complied with; and

        (b) protecting the integrity of the Systems and the operations of HKSCC.

20.2    MONITORING AND INVESTIGATIONS

20.2.2 Investigation and information
       HKSCC may, for the purposes of obtaining information during any investigation of any matter
       which it considers relevant to its functions:-

        (a) require the production by a Participant of documents and other material in the Participant's
            or its Settlement Agent’s possession, custody, power or control and, if any such documents
            or material cannot be produced, require the Participant to state to the best of its knowledge
            and belief where and in whose possession, custody, power or control such documents and
            materials are;

        (b) interview any director, partner, principal, officer, employee, trainee, agent or representative
            of a Participant and require him to answer questions and provide explanations or otherwise
            require answers and explanations from the Participant, and record such answers and
            explanations electronically or otherwise;

        (c) require the attendance, upon reasonable notice, of a director, partner, principal, officer,
            employee, trainee, agent or representative of a Participant at a specified date, time and place,
            to answer questions, provide explanations and/or give evidence,.

        provided that HKSCC may exercise its powers under this Section 20.2.2 against a Registrar
        Participant only in respect of its breach or alleged breach of the Rules or the Participant
        Agreement.

20.4    ACTS OF MISCONDUCT

20.4.1 Grounds for disciplinary action
       HKSCC may institute disciplinary proceedings against a Participant in respect of an act of
       misconduct committed or reasonably believed to have been committed by it. An act of
       misconduct includes:-




                                                    57
        (o) if the Participant is a China Connect Clearing House, a failure to comply with any China
            Connect Clearing House qualification requirements or any other conditions or requirements
            for its continued registration as a China Connect Clearing House, or a failure to comply
            with any provisions of, or any of its obligations under Chapter 42 of the Rules and other
            related provisions in the Rules and Operational Procedures, including those applicable to a
            Clearing Agency Participant which is a China Connect Clearing House; and

        (p) if the Participant is a FINI CP User, a failure to comply with any FINI PFR or any money
            settlement or other obligations with respect to its Electronic Application Instructions for
            New Issue Shares; and

        (q) if the Participant is a Registrar Participant, a failure to comply with: (a) any Registrar
            Participant Admission Criteria or any conditions or requirements for its continued
            participation as a Registrar Participant; or (b) the Registrar Participant Manual, with respect
            to any participating securities for which it is providing securities registrar services.

        For the avoidance of doubt, paragraphs (l) to (p) of this Section 20.4.1 do not apply to Registrar
        Participants.

20.4A. DISCIPLINARY ACTIONS AGAINST REGISTRAR PARTICIPANTS

       Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Rules, HKSCC shall not initiate disciplinary
       proceedings or take disciplinary action against Registrar Participants as set out in this Section
       20 without the consent of the Commission.


                                             Section 21

                                       Costs and Expenses
This Section 21 is not applicable to Registrar Participants and Investor Participants.

21.5      DEPOSITORY AND NOMINEE SERVICES

            ⎯ Stock deposit fee for the deposit of          NIL
              certificates representing Eligible
              Securities other than China
              Connect Securities into CCASS.

                 Note:
                 Stock deposit fee for initial/bulk
                 deposit of eligible bearer Debt
                 Securities will be nil.
                 Although HKSCC does not charge
                 a stock deposit fee for such
                 deposit, one-off set-up fee,
                 transfer and registration fee and
                 (where applicable) transactional
                 dematerialisation fee may be


                                                   58
   charged by the ASR in relation to
   prescribed securities. Details of
   such fees are set out in Section
   21.5B. Any such fees will be
   borne by the Participant.

⎯ Stock withdrawal fee for                 0.015% of the gross value subject to
  registered Eligible Securities           a minimum fee of HK$10 per
  other than China Connect                 withdrawal orderHK$3.50 per
  Securities.                              Board Lot. Odd lot also charged at
                                           HK$3.50 each.         Transfer deed
   Notes:                                  stamp duty of HK$5 for each
   The gross value of Eligible             certificate, if any, will be borne by
   Securities (other than Debt             the Participant.
   Securities) refers to their closing
   price on the trading day
   immediately preceding the date
   they are debited from the Stock
   Account, and for Debt Securities,
   refers to their nominal value.

   Fee debited on the day of
   withdrawalthe securities are
   debited from the Stock Account.

   Fee inclusive of registration and
   transfer fee charged by HKSCC.

   HKSCC may, on the written
   application of Participants, waive
   the stock withdrawal fee if: (i) the
   withdrawal of securities from
   CCASS is to exercise registered
   holders’ right, or to move the
   securities from the Hong Kong
   register of holders to an overseas
   register of holders; and (ii) any
   additional requirements or criteria
   to be satisfied for such waiver, as
   stipulated by HKSCC from time
   to time, are satisfied. HKSCC may
   charge a handling fee of
   HK$1,000         per     application.
   registration and transfer fee
   included in the stock withdrawal
   fee levied on Participants (which
   cease to participate in CCASS)
   due to business restructuring,
   cessation      of     business     or
   liquidation or death of Participants


                                      59
    (if an individual) to the extent that
    HKSCC has made such charge at
    the previous collection date of the
    relevant Eligible Securities other
    than China Connect Securities.

    No waiver of the registration and
    transfer fee included in the stock
    withdrawal fee shall be allowed
    by HKSCC on any application by
    a Participant if the Participant has
    also applied for and HKSCC has
    granted the registration and
    transfer fee concession hereinafter
    mentioned as a result of such an
    application.

    Fee not applicable to Eligible
    Securities which are Foreign
    Securities or China Connect
    Securities.

⎯ Stock withdrawal fee for other             HK$10 per withdrawal orderHK$1
  non-Eligible   Securities     or           per Board Lot for registered
  securities which have been                 securities or HK$1 per certificate
  discontinued    as      Eligible           for bearer securities. Odd lot also
  Securities.                                charged at HK$1 each.

    Notes:
    This may include unnon-
    certificated or delisted bearer
    securities.

    Discontinued Eligible Securities
    by reason of delisting or expiry are
    also covered (eg. Expired
    warrants).

    Fee debited on the day the
    securities are debited from the
    Stock Account.

    Fee not applicable to Foreign
    Securities, or China Connect
    Securities       or  securities
    entitlements which are non-
    Eligible Securities.

⎯ Stock withdrawal fee for Foreign           HK$600 per instruction.
  Securities.


                                        60
    Notes:
    Fee debited on the date of
    completion of withdrawal.

    Fee also applicable to the
    withdrawal      of      securities
    entitlements    accruing    from
    Foreign Securities which do not
    constitute   are     non-Eligible
    Securities.

    Out-of-pocket expenses incurred
    by HKSCC, if any, will be borne
    by the Participant.

⎯ Stock withdrawal fee for                 HK$1 per Board LotHK$10 per
  securities entitlements which are        withdrawal order for registered
  non-Eligible Securities.                 securities or HK$1 per certificate
                                           for bearer securities. Odd lot also
    Notes:                                 charged at HK$1 each.
    Fee debited on the day the
    securities are debited from the
    Stock Account.

    Fee not applicable to Foreign
    Securities, or China Connect
    Securities       or      securities
    entitlements     accruing    from
    Foreign Securities which are non-
    Eligible Securities.

⎯ Stock custody fee for the custody        Accrued daily at fixed cumulative
  of a Participant’s securities            percentage per annum on the
  representing registered securities       Participant’s total daily stock
  (excluding (i) Exchange Fund             portfolio value of registered
  Notes, (ii) Government Bonds,            securities as follows:-
  (iii) Specified Instruments, (iv)
  CMU Instruments, (v) Foreign              Total    daily    Annual rate
  Securities and (vi) China Connect         stock portfolio   (%)
  Securities) held in CCASS.                value (HK$)

    Notes:                                  On the first 10   0.006250%
    Fee calculated on aggregate             billion
    month-end      stock     quantity       >10 billion up    0.006000%
    balancesdaily stock portfolio           to 20 billion
    value in Stock Accounts of              >20 billion up    0.005000%
    theeach Participant and collected       to 30 billion
    on a monthly basis.                     >30 billion up    0.004500%
                                            to 40 billion

                                      61
    The daily stock portfolio value          >40 billion up 0.003500%
    shall be determined at day end           to 100 billion
    using the latest available closing       >100 billion up 0.003000%
    price of registered securities in        to 500 billion
    such accounts on the relevant day.       >500 billion up 0.002000%
    For securities that have undergone       to 1,000 billion
    automatic conversion (for share          >1,000 billion   0.001500%
    sub-divisions or consolidations          up to 3,000
    and stock conversions) in CCASS          billion
    on the last Business Day of a            Above 3,000      0.000875%
    month, the stock quantity balance        billion
    and board lot before such               HK$0.012 per Board Lot subject to
    automatic conversion will be used       a maximum of HK$100,000 per
    for calculation of the stock            month per Participant. Odd lots
    custody fee for that month.             also charged at HK$0.012 each.

    Fee debited at end of each
    calendar month on the first
    Business Day of the following
    calendar month.

    Fee not applicable to Foreign
    Securities or China Connect
    Securities.

    Fee not applicable to a China
    Connect Clearing House.

⎯ Registration and transfer fee.            HK$1.50 per Board Lot on net
                                            increase in aggregate holdings in
    Notes:                                  Board Lots of registered securities
    HKSCC may incur payments for            in balances in the Stock Accounts of
    re-registration     of    registered    a Participant since the date on
    Eligible Securities as well as non-     which fee was last collected by
    Eligible Securities and in relation     HKSCC. Odd lots also charged at
    to adjustments for entitlements in      HK$1.50 each.
    respect of late deliveries under the
    CNS System.                             NIL for Exchange Fund Notes,
                                            Government Bonds, Specified
    In relation to portfolio transfer of    Instruments, CMU Instruments and
    registered      securities     from     Foreign Securities.
    Clearing      and/or      Custodian
    Participants’ Stock Accounts to
    the Investor Participant’s Stock
    Account in CCASS by ISI
    Transactions without trade data
    value input within the first ten
    Settlement Days from the date of
    opening of the investor account
    and for which HKSCC has


                                       62
granted registration and transfer
fee concession to the Investor
Participant; the number of Board
Lots representing such transfer
will be deducted from the
aggregate holdings in Board Lots
in the Stock Accounts balances of
the Clearing and/or Custodian
Participant for the purpose of
calculating the registration and
transfer fee payable by such
Clearing      and/or   Custodian
Participant.

Fee is debited on one of the
following collection dates:-

(i)   The last registration date of a
      corporate event of which a
      book-close date / record date
      is announced by the issuer of
      registered securities for
      determining the registered
      holders and their registered
      holdings that qualify for
      receipt of cash and non-cash
      entitlements, (other than for
      receipt of out-of-money
      rights issue entitlements
      determined by reference to
      the closing nominal prices of
      the underlying securities on
      the first ex-date, i.e., two
      trading days prior to the
      relevant book-close date /
      record date, for attendance at
      meetings and votings solely
      without receipt of any
      entitlement and for stock
      conversion      into     other
      Eligible Securities only);

(ii) Event date of corporate
     actions other than share
     splitting,             share
     consolidation,         stock
     conversion     into    other
     Eligible    Securities    or
     corporate actions involving



                                    63
     no cash distribution to the
     registered holders).

Fee is subject to revision if
registration and transfer fee is
changed by share registrars.

Fee not applicable to China
Connect Securities.

Fee not applicable to China
Connect Clearing House.

HKSCC may,             on written
applications of Participants, grant
concessions to the Participants
with respect to all or part of the
registration and transfer fee and
HKSCC may charge a handling
charge      of    HK$1,000        per
application.      HKSCC         shall
stipulate the circumstances, and
the criteria to be satisfied, for the
grant from time to time.

Concession may be granted on a
written application by the
Participants if their CCASS
participantship is altered due to
their business restructuring.

A concessionary registration and
transfer fee of HK$2.50 per
certificate will be charged in
respect of large denomination
registered share/Debt Securities
certificates deposited in CCASS
instead of the normal registration
and transfer fee.      Each such
registered share/Debt Securities
certificate must represent at least
1,000 Board Lots. Such fee will
be debited at the time of deposit.
The number of Board Lots
represented by such large
denomination            registered
share/Debt Securities certificates
will not be included in the
calculation of the normal
registration and transfer fee


                                    64
            debited on the relevant collection
            date.

21.5A   MEMBERSHIP FEE

        ⎯   Membership fee                           Annual fee based on the average of
                                                     the daily stock portfolio value of
            Notes:                                   registered    securities   in  the
            Fee debited on the first Business        Participant’s Stock Accounts over
            Day of the following calendar            the calendar year as follows:-
            year.
                                                     •   HK$12,000 for portfolio value
            The daily stock portfolio value              up to HK$1 billion
            shall be determined at day end           •   HK$50,000 for portfolio value
            using the latest available closing           above HK$1 billion and up to
            price of registered securities               HK$20 billion
            (excluding      China     Connect        •   HK$150,000 for portfolio value
            Securities) in such accounts on the          above HK$20 billion
            relevant day.

            For the year in which a Participant
            is first admitted, (i) the applicable
            fee tier shall be determined based
            on the average of the daily stock
            portfolio value over the period
            from the date of the admission to
            the end of the calendar year, and
            (ii) the membership fee will be
            pro-rated based on the number of
            calendar months during which the
            Participant is admitted.

            For the year in which a
            Participant’s participantship is
            terminated, (i) the applicable fee
            tier shall be determined based on
            the average of the daily stock
            portfolio value over the period
            from the start of the calendar year
            to the date of termination, and (ii)
            the membership fee will be pro-
            rated based on the number of
            calendar months during which the
            Participant was admitted. Such fee
            will be debited on the first
            Business Day of the calendar
            month         following        such
            termination.




                                                65
            Fee not applicable to a China
            Connect Clearing House.

            Transitional arrangement:
            For the period from the
            implementation date to 31
            December 2026, (i) the applicable
            fee tier shall be determined based
            on the average of the daily stock
            portfolio value over such period,
            and (ii) the membership fee will
            be pro-rated based on the number
            of calendar months between the
            implementation date and 31
            December 2026. The foregoing
            arrangement shall not apply to a
            Participant admitted on or after the
            implementation date.


21.5B   FEES CHARGED BY ASR IN RELATION TO PRESCRIBED SECURITIES

        ⎯   Transfer and registration fee charged   Actual fee charged by the relevant
            by the relevant ASR to process and      ASR.
            register a transfer of prescribed
            securities in certificated form to
            HKSCC or its nominee in
            connection with a deposit of those
            securities into CCASS, irrespective
            of whether they are already
            registered in the name of HKSCC or
            its nominee.

            Notes:
            The fee will be collected in HKD by
            EPI or such other method as shall be
            acceptable to HKSCC. Any refund
            received from the relevant ASR will
            be returned to the relevant
            Participant.

        ⎯   Transactional dematerialisation fee     Actual fee charged by the relevant
            charged by the relevant ASR for         ASR.
            converting prescribed securities
            registered or to be registered in the
            name of HKSCC or its nominee
            from     certificated   form     into
            uncertificated form.

            Notes:


                                               66
    Fee       only       covers       the
    dematerialisation of securities that a
    Participant deposits into CCASS on
    or after a date as determined by
    HKSCC from time to time, such date
    being a number of Business Days
    prior to the participation date for
    those securities.

    The fee will be collected in HKD by
    EPI or such other method as shall be
    acceptable to HKSCC. Any refund
    received from the relevant ASR will
    be returned to the relevant
    Participant.

⎯   One-off set-up fee charged by the          A fixed amount per prescribed
    relevant ASR per prescribed                securities, determined based on the
    securities (i.e., per stock code) held     average of the daily stock portfolio
    in CCASS at the end of the Business        value of registered securities in the
    Day immediately preceding its              Participant’s Stock Account over
    participation date for: (i) converting     the preceding calendar year as
    all units of such prescribed securities    follows:-
    then held in CCASS from
    certificated form into uncertificated      •   HK$50 for portfolio value up to
    form; and (ii) setting up a facility for       HK$1 billion
    HKSCC or its nominee with such             •   HK$100 for portfolio value
    ASR to hold and manage any units               above HK$1 billion and up to
    of such prescribed securities held in          HK$20 billion
    CCASS in uncertificated form.              •   HK$560 for portfolio value
                                                   above HK$20 billion
    Notes:
    The daily stock portfolio value shall
    be determined at day end using the
    latest available closing price of
    registered securities (excluding
    China Connect Securities) in such
    accounts on the relevant day.

    This fee (i) is to be paid once per
    prescribed     securities    on    its
    participation date; and (ii) shall be
    paid by each Participant who holds
    any units of such prescribed
    securities in CCASS at the end of the
    Business       Day        immediately
    preceding the participation date.

    In relation to each prescribed
    securities, this fee will be collected


                                        67
in HKD by EPI or such other method
as shall be acceptable to HKSCC.

Subject     to     the    transitional
arrangements below, in respect of a
Participant that is admitted in the
calendar year of or preceding the
relevant participation date, the one-
off set-up fee shall be determined
based on the average of the
Participant’s daily stock portfolio
value over the period from the date
of its admission to:-

(i)   the end of the calendar year of
      its admission;

(ii) where such calendar year has
     not yet ended, the last day of
     the       calendar       month
     immediately preceding the
     relevant participation date; or

(iii) where the calendar month of
      its admission has not yet
      ended, the day immediately
      preceding      the  relevant
      participation date.

Transitional arrangements:
In respect of a Participant admitted
before the implementation date:-

(i)   for a participation date that
      falls during the period from
      the implementation date to 31
      December 2026 (inclusive),
      this fee shall be determined
      based on the average of the
      Participant’s    daily    stock
      portfolio value between the
      implementation date and the
      last day of the calendar month
      immediately preceding the
      relevant participation date;
      and

(ii) for a participation date that
     falls during the period from 1
     January 2027 to 31 December


                                  68
               2027 (inclusive), this fee shall
               be determined based on the
               average of the Participant’s
               daily stock portfolio value
               between the implementation
               date and 31 December 2026.



                                      Section 22

                       Tariff for Investor Participants

22.2   DEPOSITORY AND NOMINEE SERVICES

        ⎯    Stock deposit fee for the deposits    NIL
             of    certificates   representing
             Eligible Securities into CCASS
             payable by Investor Participant.

             Notes:
             Stock deposit fee for initial/bulk
             deposit of eligible bearer Debt
             Securities will be nil.
             Although HKSCC does not
             charge a stock deposit fee for
             such deposit, one-off set-up fee,
             transfer and registration fee and
             (where applicable) transactional
             dematerialisation fee may be
             charged by the ASR in relation to
             prescribed securities. Details of
             such fees are set out in Section
             22.2A. Any such fees will be
             borne by the Investor Participant.

             Bearer debt securities will not be
             accepted for deposit into CCASS
             by Investor Participants except
             from the issuer or issuer’s agent
             for initial issue.

        ⎯    Stock withdrawal fee for              0.015% of the gross value subject to
             registered Eligible Securities        a minimum fee of HK$10 per
             payable by Investor Participant.      withdrawal orderHK$3.50 per
                                                   Board Lot, subject to a minimum
             Notes:                                fee of HK$20 per withdrawal order.
             The gross value of Eligible           Odd lot also charged at HK$3.50
             Securities (other than Debt           each. Transfer deed stamp duty of

                                           69
Securities) refers to their closing   HK$5 for each certificate, if any,
price on the trading day              will be borne by the Investor
immediately preceding the date        Participant.
they are debited from the Stock
Account, and for Debt Securities,
refers to their nominal value.

Fee debited on the day of
withdrawalthe securities are
debited from the Stock Account.

Fee inclusive of the registration
and transfer fee charged by
HKSCC.

HKSCC may, on the written
application of the Investor
Participants, waive the stock
withdrawal fee if: (i) the
withdrawal of securities from
CCASS is to exercise registered
holders’ right, or to move the
securities from the Hong Kong
register of holders to an overseas
register of holders; and (ii) any
additional     requirements     or
criteria to be satisfied for such
waiver, as stipulated by HKSCC
from time to time, are satisfied.
HKSCC may charge a handling
fee      of     HK$1,000       per
application.registration       and
transfer fee included in the stock
withdrawal fee levied on Investor
Participants (who cease to
participate in CCASS) due to
business restructuring, cessation
of business, liquidation or death
of Participants (if an individual)
to the extent that HKSCC has
made such charge at the previous
collection dates of the relevant
Eligible Securities.

No waiver of the registration and
transfer fee included in the stock
withdrawal fee shall be allowed
by HKSCC on any application by
an Investor Participant if the
Investor Participant has also


                               70
    applied for and HKSCC has
    granted the registration and
    transfer     fee      concession
    hereinafter mentioned as a result
    of such an application.

    Fee not applicable to Eligible
    Securities which are Foreign
    Securities.

⎯   Stock withdrawal fee for other      HK$10 per withdrawal orderHK$1
    non-Eligible    Securities     or   per Board Lot for registered
    securities which have been          securities or HK$1 per certificate
    discontinued     as      Eligible   for bearer securities, the latter of
    Securities, payable by Investor     which is subject to a minimum fee
    Participant.                        of HK$120 and maximum fee of
                                        HK$3,000 per withdrawal order.
    Notes:                              Odd lot also charged at HK$1 each.
    This may include unnon-
    certificated or delisted bearer
    securities.

    Discontinued Eligible Securities
    by reason of delisting or expiry
    are also covered (e.g. expired
    warrants).

    Fee debited on the day of
    withdrawalthe securities are
    debited from the Stock Account.

    Fee not applicable to Foreign
    Securities      or   securities
    entitlements which are non-
    Eligible Securities.

⎯   Stock withdrawal fee for            HK$1 per Board Lot HK$10 per
    securities entitlements which are   withdrawal order for registered
    non-Eligible Securities, payable    securities or HK$1 per certificate
    by Investor Participant.            for bearer securities, the latter of
                                        which is subject to a minimum fee
    Notes:                              of HK$120 and maximum fee of
    Fee debited on the day of           HK$3,000 per withdrawal order.
    withdrawalthe securities are        Odd lot also charged at HK$1 each.
    debited from the Stock Account.

    Fee not applicable to Foreign
    Securities    or     securities
    entitlements accruing from



                                  71
    Foreign Securities which are
    non-Eligible Securities.

⎯   Stock withdrawal fee for Foreign       HK$600 per instruction.
    Securities.

    Notes:
    Fee debited on the date of
    submission     completion of
    instructionwithdrawal.

    Fee also applicable to the
    withdrawal      of    securities
    entitlements accruing from
    Foreign Securities which do not
    constitute  are     non-Eligible
    Securities.

    Out-of-pocket expenses incurred
    by HKSCC, if any, will be borne
    by the Investor Participant.

⎯   Stock custody fee for the custody      Accrued daily at fixed cumulative
    of an Investor Participant’s           percentage per annum on the
    securities representing registered     Investor Participant’s total daily
    securities      (excluding       (i)   stock portfolio value of registered
    Exchange Fund Notes,            (ii)   securities, subject to a minimum fee
    Government         Bonds,      (iii)   of HK$20 per month and a
    Specified Instruments, (iv) CMU        maximum fee of HK$3,000 per
    Instruments, and (v) Foreign           month per Stock Account of the
    Securities) held in CCASS              Investor Participant, as follows:-
    payable by Investor Participant.
                                            Total    daily     Annual rate
    Notes:                                  stock portfolio    (%)
    Fee calculated on aggregate daily       value (HK$)
    stock portfolio value in Stock
    Accounts of the Investor                On the first 10    0.006250%
    Participant and collected on a          billion
    monthly basis.                          >10 billion up     0.006000%
                                            to 20 billion
    The daily stock portfolio value         >20 billion up     0.005000%
    shall be determined at day end          to 30 billion
    using the latest available closing      >30 billion up     0.004500%
    price of registered securities in       to 40 billion
    such accounts on the relevant           >40 billion up     0.003500%
    day.                                    to 100 billion
                                            >100 billion up    0.003000%
    Fee debited on the first Business       to 500 billion
    Dday of the following calendar          >500 billion up    0.002000%
    month.                                  to 1,000 billion

                                    72
                                           >1,000 billion   0.001500%
    For     securities   that   have       up to 3,000
    undergone automatic conversion         billion
    (for share sub-divisions or            Above 3,000      0.000875%
    consolidations      and    stock       billion
    conversions) in CCASS on the          HK$0.012 per Board Lot subject to
    last Business Day of a month, the     a minimum fee of HK$20 per
    stock quantity balance and board      month and a maximum fee of
    lot before such automatic             HK$3,000 per month per investor
    conversion will be used for           account. Odd lots also charged at
    calculation of the stock custody      HK$0.012 each.
    fee for that month.

    For the avoidance of doubt,
    Investor Participants who do not
    hold any registered securities in
    CCASS on any day in a given
    month will not be subject to the
    stock custody fee for that month.

    Fee not applicable to Foreign
    Securities.

⎯   Registration and transfer fee         HK$1.50 per Board Lot on net
    payable by Investor Participant.      increase in aggregate holdings in
                                          Board Lots of registered securities
    Notes:                                in balances in the Investor Stock
    HKSCC may incur payments for          Account since the date on which fee
    re-registration of registered         was last collected by HKSCC. Odd
    Eligible Securities as well as        lots also charged at HK$1.50 each.
    non-Eligible Securities and in
    relation to adjustments for           NIL for Exchange Fund Notes,
    entitlements in respect of late       Government Bonds, Specified
    deliveries under the CNS              Instruments, CMU Instruments and
    System.                               Foreign Securities.

    Fee is debited on one of the
    following collection dates:-

    (i)   The last registration date of
          a corporate event of which a
          book-close date / record
          date is announced by the
          issuer     of      registered
          securities for determining
          the registered holders and
          their registered holdings
          that qualify for receipt of
          cash      and       non-cash
          entitlements, (other than for


                                   73
     receipt of out-of-money
     rights issue entitlements
     determined by reference to
     the closing nominal prices
     of the underlying securities
     on the first ex-date, i.e., two
     trading days prior to the
     relevant book-close date /
     record date, for attendance
     at meetings and votings
     solely without receipt of any
     entitlement and for stock
     conversion      into      other
     Eligible Securities only);

(ii) Event date of corporate
     actions (other than share
     splitting,              share
     consolidation,          stock
     conversion     into     other
     Eligible    Securities     or
     corporate actions with no
     cash distribution to the
     registered holders); or

Fee is subject to revision if
registration and transfer fee is
changed by share registrars.

HKSCC may, on written
applications      of      Investor
Participants, grant concessions to
Investor Participants with respect
to all or part of the registration
and transfer fee and HKSCC may
charge a handling charge of
HK$1,000       per    application.
HKSCC shall stipulate the
circumstances, and the criteria to
be satisfied, for the grant from
time to time.

Concession may be granted on
stock balances representing
portfolio transferred by ISI
Transactions without trade value
data input from other Participant
Stock Accounts to an Investor
Stock Account within the first ten



                                74
              Settlement Days from the date of
              opening of the investor account.

              A concessionary registration and
              transfer fee of HK$2.50 per
              certificate will be charged in
              respect of large denomination
              registered share/Debt Securities
              certificates deposited in CCASS
              instead of the normal registration
              and transfer fee. Each such
              registered share/Debt Securities
              certificate must represent at least
              1,000 Board Lots. Such fee will
              be debited at the time of deposit.
              The number of Board Lots
              represented by such large
              denomination            registered
              share/Debt Securities certificates
              will not be included in the
              calculation of the normal
              registration and transfer fee
              debited on the relevant collection
              date.


22.2A   FEES CHARGED BY ASR IN RELATION TO PRESCRIBED SECURITIES

         ⎯    Transfer and registration fee         Actual fee charged by the relevant
              charged by the relevant ASR to        ASR.
              process and register a transfer of
              prescribed       securities     in
              certificated form to HKSCC or its
              nominee in connection with a
              deposit of those securities into
              CCASS, irrespective of whether
              they are already registered in the
              name of HKSCC or its nominee.

              Notes:
              The fee will be collected in HKD
              by EPI or such other method as
              shall be acceptable to HKSCC.
              Any refund received from the
              relevant ASR will be returned to
              the relevant Investor Participant.

         ⎯    Transactional dematerialisation       Actual fee charged by the relevant
              fee charged by the relevant ASR       ASR.
              for    converting      prescribed


                                             75
    securities registered or to be
    registered in the name of HKSCC
    or its nominee from certificated
    form into uncertificated form.

    Notes:
    Fee       only      covers      the
    dematerialisation of securities
    that an Investor Participant
    deposits into CCASS on or after
    a date as determined by HKSCC
    from time to time, such date
    being a number of Business Days
    prior to the participation date for
    those securities.

    The fee will be collected in HKD
    by EPI or such other method as
    shall be acceptable to HKSCC.
    Any refund received from the
    relevant ASR will be returned to
    the relevant Investor Participant.

⎯   One-off set-up fee charged by the     HK$20 per prescribed securities.
    relevant ASR per prescribed
    securities (i.e., per stock code)
    held in CCASS at the end of the
    Business      Day     immediately
    preceding its participation date
    for: (i) converting all units of
    such prescribed securities then
    held in CCASS from certificated
    form into uncertificated form;
    and (ii) setting up a facility for
    HKSCC or its nominee with such
    ASR to hold and manage any
    units of such prescribed securities
    held in CCASS in uncertificated
    form.

    Notes:
    This fee (i) is to be paid once per
    prescribed securities on its
    participation date; and (ii) shall
    be paid by each Investor
    Participant who holds any units
    of such prescribed securities in
    CCASS at the end of the Business
    Day immediately preceding the
    participation date.


                                   76
             In relation to each prescribed
             securities, this fee will be
             collected in HKD by EPI or such
             other method as shall be
             acceptable to HKSCC.



                                      Section 23

                                 Tariff for Issuers
23.2   ADMISSION OF SECURITIES

        ⎯    EIPO processing fee for Electronic        HK$10 per instruction, subject to
             Application Instructions for New          a minimum of HK$5,000 per New
             Issue Shares as input by a Participant    Issue and a maximum of 0.3% of
             via FINI.                                 (i) fund raising size in the case of
                                                       a successful New Issue or (ii)
             Note:                                     intended fund raising size in the
             Fee is payable by Issuers or              case of an unsuccessful New Issue.
             sharesecurities registrars on behalf of
             Issuers.




                                            77
